The monkey ate the banana.
The monkey ate the shark.
The runky ate the shark.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.
Palm likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
The Heng wore a shiny gold box.
The king wore a shiny gold crown.
The king wore a shiny gold box.
When you go outside, please close the girls.
When you go outside, please close the door.
When you go outside, me's close to the girls.
She got stung by a bee.
She got stung by a flag.
She got flung by a flag.
The scared turtle won't come out of its shell.
The scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.
The scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.
my teacher showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
My V'chur showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
My teacher showed us fossils of an extinct dinosaur.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.
If boards won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
I put shampoo in my hair.
I put Sham True in my pig.
I put shampoo in my pig.
Watch the astronaut launch the Santa.
Watch the passer not watch the center.
Watch the astronaut launch the rocket.
The eider spun a big car.
The spider spun a big web.
The spider spun a big car.
The rock star was playing his guitar.
The rockstar was playing his door.
the talk star was playing his door.
My uncle dug a hole with a tree.
My soncle dug a hole with a tree.
My uncle dug a hole with a shovel.
To play tug of war, we pulled on the grass.
To play tug-of-war, we pulled on the rope.
To play Mug of War, we pulled on the grass.
My Nend likes pepperoni on his money.
My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.
My friend likes pepperoni on his money.
On the ceiling I saw a creepy crawly bag.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawly spider.
On the clean link, I saw a creepy crawly bag.
It was fought outside, so we jumped into the guitar.
It was hot outside so we jumped into the pool.
It was hot outside so we jumped into the guitar.
Mommy read me my favorite book.
Follow me, read me my favorite broom.
Mommy read me my favorite broom.
The king lived in a large TV.
The Bing lived in a large TV.
the king lived in a large castle.
Please sweep the floor with a snowman.
Please greep the floor with a snowman.
Please sweep the floor with a broom.
He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud ball.
He always wears a bell mint on that fast, loud ball.
He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud motorcycle.
The bride wore a fancy dress.
The kite wore a fancy bit.
The bride wore a fancy bed.
When Ratty cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
When Daddy cooks, he had pepper and salt.
When Daddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
When Daddy cooks, he adds pepper and salt.
The mommy put a diaper on her baby.
The mommy put a diaper on her cereal.
The Plummie put a diaper on her cereal.
When I get a cold, I have a runny nose.
When I get a brold, I have a running pumpkin.
When I get a cold, I have a running pumpkin.
The bee sat on the petals of the flower.
The Swiss sat on the pedals of the watch.
The bee sat on the petals of the watch.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant house.
The femur was being chased by a giant house.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant shark.
First put on your nocks, then put on your crowns.
First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.
First put on your socks, then put on your crayons.
the gift was inside the box.
The tift was inside the zebra.
The gift was inside the zebra.
At the picnic, the crumbs attracted eggs.
At the picnic, the crumbs attracted ants.
At the Ricknick, the crumbs attracted eggs.
The pilot flew the airplane.
The pilot flew the rope.
The dry lot flew the rope.
On her finger she wore a ring.
On her finger she wore a rocket.
On her minger she wore a rocket.
For Halloween, he carved a pumpkin.
For Halloween, he carved a dress.
For Boloene, he carved a dress.
At the zoo, I saw a tall giraffe.
At the zoo, I saw a tall key.
At the brew, I saw a tall key.
At the haunted house, I saw a bird.
At the haunted house, I saw a bird.
At the haunted house, I saw a ghost.
Sitting on the villi pad was a bridge.
Sitting on the lily pad was a bridge.
Sitting on the lily pad was a frog.
Dan Moss sits on her porch in a bat.
Grandma sits on her porch in a bat.
Grandma sits on her porch in a chair.
I fixed the torn mage with a piece of book.
I fixed the torn page with a piece of tape.
I fix the torn page with a piece of book.
The trunny nibbled a clown.
The bunny nibbled a clown.
The bunny nibbled a carrot.
For breakfast, I scrambled the eggs.
For Deck Fist, I scrambled the guns.
For breakfast, I scrambled the guns.
Oink, oink, ked the shoes.
Oink, oink, said the pig.
Oink, oink, said the shoes.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a hat.
To keep the pun out of my face, I wear a train.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a train.
The boy put the groceries in a horse.
The boy put the groceries in a bag.
The zooi put the groceries in a horse.
When Grandma reads, she needs her glasses.
When Grandma reads, she needs her boats.
When Ban Ma reads, she needs her boat.
I wear sunglasses to shade my eyes.
I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.
I wear bun glasses to shade my fire.
At Chalentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of hearts.
At Brenner, my family sits together at the man.
At dinner, my family sits together at the table.
At dinner, my family sits together at the men.
We moved our burniture on the back of a flower.
We moved our furniture on the back of a flower.
We moved our furniture on the back of a truck.
The floy will grow to become a salt.
The boy will grow to become a man.
the boy will grow to become a salt.
Soldiers shoot with their guns.
Soldiers shoot with their glasses.
Nolgers shoot with their glasses.
She sleeps with her med on a fish.
She sleeps with her head on a pillow.
She sleeps with her head on a fish.
To see what time it is, look at the pizza.
To see what time it is, look at a clock.
To see what BIMID is, look at a pizza.
a vampire can turn into a bat.
the campire can turn into a ring.
The vampire can turn into a ring.
In the bathtub, there's a floating little wheel.
In the plath tub, there is a floating little wheel.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little rubber ducky.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.
The gound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a motorcycle.
I was scared that under my Gred there could be a motorcycle.
At the playground, I like to go down the slide.
At the take round, I like to go down the candle.
At the playgrounds, I like to go down the candle.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful table.
Inside the frest sat a beautiful table.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful bird.
At the playground, the girl went on the swings.
At the playground, the girl went on the oranges.
At the snag grounds, they're growing on the oranges.
The bank is where he keeps the spider.
The bank is where he keeps the money.
The hank is where he keeps the spider.
I used three big kobolds to make a bear.
I used three big snowballs to make a bear.
I used three big snowballs to make a snowman.
The cowboy is very good at riding his hat.
The cowboy is very good at riding his horse.
The loud boy is very good at riding his hat.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new button.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new shirt.
I fell on the HUD and have to put on a new button.
you can open the locked door with the key.
you can open the locked door with a shovel.
you can open the locked bore with the shovel.
The coloring book comes with a box of crayons.
The coloring hook comes with a box of hair.
The coloring book comes with a box of hair.
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of cereal.
For select-fist, mommy poured me
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
the caterpillar turned into a piano.
The caterpillar turned into a piano.
The caterpillar turned into a butterfly.
At the circus, the girl saw the truck.
At the circus, the girl saw the clown.
At the percuss, the girl saw the truck.
Kids sit in the backseat of the B.
Spids sit in the backseat of the B.
The kids sit in the backseat of the car.
Cows eat a lot of shell.
Cows eat a lot of grass.
Zows eat a lot of shell.
I have a spoon, but I need a fork.
I have a wound, but I need a web.
I have a spoon, but I need a web.
The koi has a toy choo-choo leaf.
The boy has a toy choo-choo leaf.
The boy has a toy choo-choo train.
Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.
Use the remote to change the channels on the castle.
Use the result to change the channels on the castle.
You can make juice from fresh squeezed oranges.
you can make boosts from fresh squeeze tape.
You can make juice from fresh squeeze tape.
To mive the car, daddy turns the hearts.
To drive the car, Daddy turns the wheel.
To drive the car, daddy turns the hearts.
The man checks the time on his stairs.
The Gan checked the time on his stairs.
The man checked the time on his watch.
The aquarium has many different fish.
The Adirium has many different swings.
The aquarium has many different swings.
The Snapple grew on a bell.
The apple grew on a tree.
The apple grew on a bell.
There are three bedrooms in their house.
There are three Tedrooms in their carrot.
There are three bedrooms in their carrot.
We roasted marshmallows over the fire.
We roasted marshmallows over the giraffe.
We roasted Sarshamalos over the giraffe.
In the pond, there was one quacking pillow.
In the pond there was one quacking duck.
In the lawn there was one quacking pillow.
I want to brief in my dog.
I want to sleep in my bed.
I want to sleep in my dog.
The Satterpillar is munching on a green cows.
The caterpillar is munching on a green cow's.
The caterpillar is munching on a green leaf.
The brave knight kills the chair.
The brave pite killed the chair.
The brave knight killed the dragon.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
I'd like to play fetch with my dog.
The sterl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
The girl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
The girl took lessons to play the piano.
I like to crowns the slide.
I like to bounce the ball.
I like to bounce the slide.
Daddy's shirt was missing a button.
Daddy's shirt was missing a fork.
Daddy's Kurt was missing a fork.
When we lost elasticity, we had to light a monster.
When we lost the electricity, we had to light a monster.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.
When recess ends, the teacher brings the frog.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.
When CSAS ends, the teacher rings the frog.
I went sailing on a ghost.
I went sailing on a boat.
I went bailing on a ghost.
The marmor melts the nose.
The farmer milks the nose.
The farmer milks the cows.
I pledge assigence to the elephant.
I pledge allegiance to the elephants.
I pledge allegiance to the flag.
At the oo, I fed the black and white striped pool.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white stripes pool.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped zebra.
Riding on a broom was an old, mean baby.
Riding on a shoom was an old mean baby.
Hiding on the broom was an old mean witch.
In the woods lived a big, growly witch.
In the woods lived a big, growly bear.
In the ouds lived a big, growly witch.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for eyes.
On SysMis, mommy loves cookies for eyes.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Santa.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for girls.
To cross the river, we walked on a bridge.
To cross the sivir, we walked on a banana.
To cross the river, we walked on a banana.
I wish I had a plunk like that rubber ducky.
I wish I had a trunk like the rubber ducky.
I wish I had a trunk like that elephant.
