The monkey ate the banana.
The monkey at the shark.
The donkey ate the shark.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
When you go outside, please close the doors.
When you go outside, please close the door.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
If shirts won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.
If balls won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
I put shampoo in my hair.
I put shampoo in my pig.
the eater spawned a big car.
The spider spawned a big web.
The spider spawned a big car.
The rock star was playing his doll.
The talk star was playing his doll.
My uncle dug a hole with a tree.
To play tug of war, we put on the grass.
To play tug of war, we put on the rope.
To play mug of ore we put on the grass.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy, crawling spider.
On the quilling I saw a creepy cloudy bag.
It was hot outside, so we jumped into the pool.
The king lived in a large TV.
The king lived in a large castle.
Please sweep the floor with a snowman.
Please grip the floor with a snowman.
Please sweep the floor with a broom.
He always wears a helmet on the first loud ball.
He always wears a bow mat on the first loud ball.
The bride wore a fancy dress.
The kid wore a fancy bat.
When I got a coat, I have a runny nose.
When I get a coat, I have a running pumpkin.
The bee sat on the patches of the watch.
First put on your nocks, then put on your crayons.
First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.
The gift was inside the zebra.
The gift was inside the box.
The Dray Lord flew the rope.
A pilot flew the airplane.
The pilot flew the rope.
At the zoo, I saw a turkey.
At the broom I saw a turkey.
Demma sits on her porch in a bed.
Grandma sits on her porch in a bed.
Grandma sits on her porch in a chair.
Oink, oink, said the pig.
Oink, oink, there's the shoes.
To keep the sun out of my face, I will ahead.
To keep the palm out of my face, I will, I chained.
To keep the song out of my face, I will a train.
The boy put the groceries in a bag.
When grandma reads, she needs her glasses.
When Grandma reads, she needs her boat.
At dinner, my family sits together at the table.
At dinner, my family sits together at the man.
We moved our furniture on the back of a truck.
the fruit will grow to become a salt.
The boy will grow to become a man.
The boy will grow to become a salt.
soldiers shoot with their glasses.
she sleeps with her mat on a fish.
She sleeps with her head on a pillow.
She sleeps with her head on a fish.
To see what time it is, look at a pizza.
To see what time it is, look at a clock.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little whale.
In the platform, there is a floating little wheel.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little rubber jockey.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a motorcycle.
At the playground, I like to go down the slide.
At the playground, I like to go down the candle.
Inside the first set a beautiful table.
At the playground, the girl went on the oranges.
The bank is well, he keeps the money.
The bank is where he keeps the spider.
I use three big snowballs to make a bear.
I used three big snowballs to make a snowman.
You can open the locked door with the key.
The coloring book comes with a box of hair.
Kid sit in the back seat of the bed.
Spitz sits in the back seat of the bay.
Kids sit in the back seat of the car.
cause seed a lot of shell
Cows eat a lot of grass.
I have a spoon but I need a fork.
I have a worm, but I need a web.
I have a spoon but I need a web.
The boy has a toy choo-choo leaf.
The boy has a toy juju chair.
Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.
Use the remote to change the channels on the castle.
You can make juice from fresh squeezed oranges.
To drive the car, daddy turns the wheel.
To drive the car that detains the hearts.
The man checked the time on his stairs.
Begin checked the time on his stairs.
The man checked the time on his watch.
The apple grew on a tree.
the apple grew on a bale.
There are three bedrooms in their house.
the three tejuns in their carrot.
There are three bedrooms in the carriage.
In the pond, there was one quaking pillow.
In the pond there was one cracking duck.
I want to sleep in my bed.
I want to sleep in my dog.
The brave knight killed the child.
The brave knight killed the dragon.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
I like to play badge with my clock.
I like to play fetch with my dog.
I like to bounce the ball.
I like to bounce the slide.
Daddy's shirt was missing a button.
Daddy's shirt was missing a fork.
Daddy's Kurt was missing a fork.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.
I went sitting on a ghost.
I went sailing on a boat.
I went bailing on a ghost.
The farmer mucked the nose.
The farmer mugged the cows.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white-stripped poo.
At the zoo, I fit the black and white striped zebra.
On Christmas, money left cookies for ice.
On Christmas, Mummy left Cookie for Santa.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.
To cross the river, we worked on a bridge.
To cross the silver, we worked on a banana.
To cross the river, we worked on a banana.
I wish I had a trunk like that, Ruba Daki.
I wish I had a trunk like that elephant.
