She argues with her sister.

When daddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.

The wife helped her husband.

The spider spun a big car.

She got fun by a flag.

the boy put the groceries in a horse.

The trunnion nibbled a crown.

We moved our burniture on the back of a flower.

The baby slept all night.

The family bought a horse.

Swimmers can hold their breath,.

The salt shaker is empty.

We moved our furniture on the back of a truck.

The bunny nibbled a carrot.

This is the way I put the groceries in the horse.

She got stung by a flag.

The spider spun a big web.

Big dogs can be dangerous.

The floy will grow to become a salt.

He grew lots of vegetables.

A boy fell from the window.

When Daddy cooks, he adds pepper and salt.

On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Santa.

The scared turtle won't come out of its shell.

For Dektvist, I scrambled the guns.

When Grandma reads, she needs her boat.

The road goes up a hill.

The child drank some fresh milk.

Mother read the instructions.

The paint dripped on the ground.

They sat on a wooden bench.

The dog is eating some meat.

When Grandma reads, she needs her glasses.

for breakfast I scrambled the eggs.

The scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.

On systemis, mommy left cookies for her eyes.

When Ratty cooks, he adds pepper and duck.

When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.

I put sham true in my pig.

you can make boosts from fresh squeezed tape.

The boy will grow to become a man.

She got stung by a bee.

Oink oink said the pig.

The boy put the groceries in a bag.

She cut the steak with her knife.

The house had nine bedrooms.

They're shopping for school clothes.

the food is expensive.

The zoe put the groceries in a horse.

Oink, oink, said the shoes.

When you go outside, mise close the girls.

The boy will grow to become a salt.

You can make juice from fresh squeezed tape.

I put shampoo in my pig.

The girl is fixing her dress.

I used three big snowballs to make a bear.

When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.

When you go outside, please close the girls.

My Nend likes pepperoni on his money.

to see what biomed is look at a pizza.

The boy put the groceries in a horse.

Oink, oink, ked the shoes.

Rain is good for trees.

they had two empty bottles.

The children are walking home.

They're playing in the park.

For breakfast, I scrambled the guns.

To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a chain.

To see what time it is, look at a clock.

My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.

When you go outside, please close the door.

When we lost elasticity, we had to light a monster.

I used three big co-balls to make a bear.

It's time to go to bed.

There are three bedrooms in their carri.

I like to play betch with my clock.

When CCES ends, the teacher brings the frog.

The gift was inside the box.

To mive the car, daddy turns the heart.

the mommy put a diaper on her cereal.

At the zoo I saw a tall key.

Spids sit in the backseat of the bee.

I fell in the hood and have to put on a new button.

I fell in the mud and have to put on a new shirt.

At the zoo, I saw a tall giraffe.

Kids sit in the backseat of the bee.

The Plummie put a diaper on her cereal.

at the picnic the crumbs attracted eggs.

To drive the car, Daddy turns the wheel.

When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.

The brave knight killed the dragon.

There are three Tedrums in their carrier.

I like to play fetch with my dog.

We roasted marshmallows over the fire.

The king lived in a large TV.

The mommy put a diaper on her baby.

The gift was inside the zebra.

I used three big snowballs to make a bear.

At the circus, the girls saw the clown.

I was scared that under my bed there could be a motorcycle.

I was scared that under my grid, there could be a motorcycle.

At the percuse, the girl saw the truck.

The cowboy is very good at riding his horse.

First put on your socks, then put on your crayons.

When Ratty cooks, he adds pepper and duck.

Mommy read me my favorite broom.

We roasted marshmallows over the giraffe.

The sterl took lessons to play the dinosaur.

The brave Pite killed the chair.

I want to brief in my dog.

When I get a cold, I have a runny nose.

The swimmer was being chased by a giant horse.

The bride wore a fancy dress.

I use three big co-balls to make a beer.

you can open the locked bore with the shovel.

The caterpillar turned into a piano.

The matter pillar turned into a piano.

you can open the locked door with the shovel.

The bank is where he keeps the money.

The bride wore a fancy bed.

The swimmer was being chased by a giant shark.

When I get a Brawled, I have a Runnypupkin.

In the lawn, there was one quacking pillow.

The brave knight killed the chair.

At the oo I fed the black and white striped pool.

In the pond, there was one quacking pillow.

The Stater Pillar is munching on a green cow.

First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.

the beast sat on the petals of the flower.

the Apple grew on a bell.

The king wore a shiny gold box.

The caterpillar turned into a butterfly.

I fixed the torn mage with a piece of book.

The coloring hook comes with a box of hair.

I fixed the torn page with a piece of tape.

For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of cereal.

At the circus, the girl saw the truck.

The king wore a shiny gold crown.

When I get a cold, I have a running pumpkin.

The apple grew on a tree.

First put on your nocks, then put on your crayons.

The caterpillar is munching on a green leaf.

In the pond, there was one quacking duck.

At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped pool.

I like to bounce the ball.

The farmer milked the cow.

I want to sleep in my bed.

The Adarium has many different swings.

Zows eat a lot of shell.

He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud motorcycle.

Pom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.

On the queeling, I saw a creepy crawly bag.

At the playground, the girls went on the swings.

In the plath tub, there is a floating little wheel.

Sitting on the lily pad was a bridge.

The pilot flew the airplane.

the pilot flew the rope.

Danma sits on her porch in a bat.

In the bathtub, there is a floating little rubber ducky.

At the playground, the girl went on the oranges.

On the ceiling I saw a creepy crawly spider.

He always wears a bell mint on that fast, loud ball.

Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.

Cows eat a lot of grass.

The aquarium has many different fish.

honestly people right now.

I pledge a Siegens to the elephant.

I like to bounce the slide.

I pledge allegiance to the flag.

Daddy's shirt was missing a fork.

I have a spoon, but I need a fork.

The aquarium has many different swings.

the sea sat on the pedals of the watch.

My friend likes pepperoni on his money.

Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.

Please sweep the floor with a broom.

The vampire can turn into a ring.

Inside the nest sat a beautiful bird.

On her finger she wore a rocket.

For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.

Grandma sits on her porch in a chair.

For SelectFist, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.

Grandma sits on her porch in a bed.

on her finger she wore a ring.

Inside the first sat a beautiful table.

The vampire can turn into a bat.

The king wore a shiny gold box.

He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud ball.

On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawly bag.

The spapple grew on a bell.

that B sat on the pedals of the watch.

I have a wound, but I need a web.

Daddy's shirt was missing a button.

I pledge allegiance to the elephant.

The marmor milked the nose.

When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.

It was hot outside, so we jumped into the pool.

The king lived in a large castle.

The Runkey ate the shark.

You can make juice from fresh squeezed oranges.

The drylet flew the rope.

The man checked the time on his watch.

Kids sit in the backseat of the car.

For Halloween, he carved a dress.

At the haunted house, I saw a bird.

The sound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.

At the playground, I like to go down the slide.

At the tay ground, I like to go down the candle.

The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.

Sitting on the villi pad was a bridge.

Cows eat a lot of shell.

For Balaween, he carved a dress.

The Gan checked the time on his stairs.

Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.

at the picnic the crumbs attracted ants.

The being lived in a large TV.

The monkey ate the shark.

It was fought outside, so we jumped into the guitar.

When recess ends, the teacher rings the frog.

The farmer milked the nose.

The girl took lessons to play the piano.

When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.

I went sailing on a boat.

Please sweep the floor with a snowman.

It was hot outside, so we jumped into the guitar.

To drive the car, Daddy turns the hearts.

I have a spoon, but I need a web.

At the haunted house, I saw a bird.

For Halloween, he carved a pumpkin.

Inside the nest sat a beautiful table.

I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.

The gown was so loud I had to cover my shirt.

At the playground, I like to go down the candle.

On her minger she wore a rocket.

At the brew I saw a tall key.

The boy has a toy choo-choo leaf.

The man checked the time on his stairs.

Mommy read my favorite book.

The monkey ate the banana.

Please creep the floor with the snowman.

I went sailing on a ghost.

Daddy's Kirk was missing a fork.

The girl took lessons to play the dinosaur.

The fire was very hot.

She found her purse in the trash.

Riding on a broom was an old mean witch.

I put shampoo in my hair.

My sonko dug a hole with a tree.

My features showed as fossils of an extinct crown.

She sleeps with her head on a pillow.

I wear bunk glasses to shade my fire.

To keep the pun out of my face, I wear a train.

The lady washed the shirt.

He's skating with his friends.

To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a hat.

I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.

She sleeps with her med on a fish.

My teacher showed us fossils of an extinct dinosaur.

My uncle dug a hole with a shovel.

I wish I had a trunk like that elephant.

Writing on a shroom was an old mean baby.

The table has three legs.

She was drinking from her own cup.

Her coat is on a chair.

The car is going too fast.

I wish I had a plunk like that rubber ducky.

At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped zebra.

I used three big snowballs to make a snowman.

I put shampoo in my hair.

To play mug of war, we pulled on the grass.

At Chalentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.

She sleeps with her head on a fish.

The boy is running away.

Milk comes in a carton.

The dog sleeps in a basket.

A towel is near the sink.

To see what time it is, look at a pizza.

At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.

To play tug-of-war, we pulled on the grass.

If boards won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.

You can make juice from fresh squeezed oranges.

Riding on a broom was an old mean baby.

I wish I had a trunk like that rubber ducky.

The picture came from a book.

The children waved at the train.

the mailman by a letter.

The family likes fish.

Somebody stole the money.

There's one bathroom for the boys and one for the girls.

In the woods lived a big growly witch.

Watch the astronaut launch the rocket.

The talk star was playing his tour.

At dinner, my family sits together at the man.

Nolgers shoot with their glasses.

The buckets fill up quickly.

the matchboxes are empty,.

The family bought a house.

She took off her fur coat.

The policeman knows the way.

soldier suit with their glasses.

At dinner, my family sits together at the table.

My uncle dug a hole with a tree.

The eider spun a big car.

In the ouds lived a big growly witch.

There is one bathroom for the boys and one for the aunts.

The shoes were very dirty.

The bananas are too ripe.

The mother heard the baby.

The towel fell on the floor.

He hung up his raincoat.

In the woods lived a big growly bear.

To cross the river, we walked on a bridge.

the rock star was playing his door.

I watched the Pasture Knot launch the Santa.

My teacher showed us fossils of an extinct crown.

When Banma reads, she needs her boat.

The floy will grow to become a salt.

At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of hearts.

The man is painting a sign.

The dog came home last.

At Brinner, my family sits together at the man.

The boy will grow to become a man.

I wear my sunglasses to shade my eyes.

The scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.

I put shampoo in my pig.

The rock star was playing his guitar.

to cross the river we walked on the banana.

On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for eyes.

Kitchen window was clean.

The paint dripped on the floor.

