the spider spawned a big web.
She got feng by a flag.
When Grandma reads, she needs her coat.
I fixed the torn page with a piece of book.
she sleeps with her head on a fish.
To see what time it is, look at a pizza.
For breakfast, I scrambled the eggs.
I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.
She got stung by a flag.
The eider spawn a big car.
I wish I had a trunk like that rubber ducky.
The scared turtle won't come out of its shell.
For breakfast, I scramble the guns.
At Valentine's Day, we drew a lot of pants.
I wear bun glasses to shade my fire.
For Deckfist, I scrambled the guns.
The scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.
I wish I had a plunk like that rubber ducky.
She got stung by a bee.
Wink, wink, set the shoes.
The zooi put the groceries in a horse.
When Grandma reads, she needs her glasses.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a hat.
When you go outside, mees close the girls.
When you go outside, please close the girls.
To play tug of war, we pulled on the rope.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.
The boy puts the groceries in a bag.
Oink, oink, said the pig.
Oink, oink, kid the shoes.
The boy put the groceries in a horse.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.
To play mug of war, we pulled on the grass.
When you go outside, please close the door.
There are three bedrooms in their carat.
I like to play fetch with my dog.
I went sailing on a ghost.
First put on your socks, then put on your crayons.
Use the remote to change the channels on the castle.
the mommy put a diaper on her baby.
For Balaween he carved a dress.
Kids sit in the back seat of the bee.
you can open the locked doors with the shovel.
you can open the locked doors with the key.
For Halloween, he carved a dress.
At the circus, the girls saw the truck.
the mommy put a diaper on her cereal.
The gift was inside the zebra.
Use the result to change the channels on the castle.
When CSAS ends, the teacher rings the frog.
I like to play bitch with my clock.
There are three TED Rooms in their carrot.
They still took lessons to play the dinosaur.
We roasted marshmallows over the fire.
The Bing lived in a large TV.
When daddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new shirt.
At the circus, the girl saw the truck.
At the playground, the girl went on the swings.
At the playground, the girl went on the oranges.
At the circus, the girl saw the clown.
I fell in the hood and have to put on a new button.
First put on your nocks, then put on your crayons.
When daddy cooks, he adds pepper and salt.
The king lived in a large TV.
In the pond, there was one quacking pillow.
The girl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
I want to sleep in my bed.
The Plummie put a diaper on her cereal.
The bee sat on the petals of the watch.
The bride wore a fancy beret.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new button.
The coloring book comes with a box of crayon.
the matter pillar turned into a piano.
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
you can open the locked bore with the shovel.
The low boy is very good at riding his hat.
When Ratty cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant house.
When I get a cold, I have a runny nose.
I want to bleep in my dog.
The brave knight killed the dragon.
Riding on a shroom was an old mean baby.
In the pond there was one quacking duck.
The caterpillar is munching on a green leaf.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant shark.
When I get a cold, I have a runny pumpkin.
There are three bedrooms in their house.
The king wore a shiny gold box.
The caterpillar turned into a piano.
Grandma sits on her porch in a chair.
The coloring hook comes with a box of hair.
I fixed the torn page with a piece of tape.
The coloring book comes with a box of hair.
The caterpillar turned into a butterfly.
The king wore a shiny gold crown.
When I get a broiled, I have a runny pumpkin.
The apple grew on a bell.
The femur was being chased by a giant house.
The brave knight killed the chair.
In the loud, there was one quacking pillow.
Riding on a broom was an old mean witch.
I like to bounce the ball.
the farmer milked the cows.
I want to sleep in my dog.
The Adirium has many different swings.
Cows eat a lot of grass.
The kid wore a fancy bed.
Pom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawly bag.
I used three big snowballs to make a snowman.
At the playground, I like to go down the slide.
Sitting on the lily pad was a bridge.
At the picnic, the crumbs attracted eggs.
At the picnic, the crumbs attracted ants.
Sitting on the lily pad was a frog.
At the tea ground, I like to go down the candle.
The cowboy is very good at riding his horse.
My friend likes pepperoni on his money.
The bride wore a fancy dress.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.
Cows eat a lot of shell.
The aquarium has many different fish
The caterpillar is munching on a green cow.
I pledge allegiance to the flag.
Daddy's shirt was missing a button.
Riding on a broom was an old mean baby.
Daddy's Kurt was missing a fork.
Zoes eat a lot of shell.
The aquarium has many different swings.
The bee sat on the petals of the flower.
My Ned likes pepperoni on his money.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
He always wears a bell mint on that fast, loud ball.
I was scared that under my grid there could be a motorcycle.
I used three big snowballs to make a bear.
The pilot flew the airplane.
For Slekvis, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
Grandma sits on her porch in a bat.
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of cereal.
Dandma sits on her porch in a bed.
at the ricknick, the crumbs attracted eggs.
I used three big cobalt to make a bear.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a motorcycle.
The hanging wore a shiny gold box.
He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud motorcycle.
My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.
The apple grew on a tree.
The suite sat on the pedals of the watch.
I have spoon, but I need a fork.
Daddy's shirt was missing a fork.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped zebra.
The marmor milked the nose.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the frog.
It was fall outside so we jumped into the guitar.
Please sweep the floor with a snowman.
The runky ate the shark.
Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.
The tift was inside the zebra.
The man checked the time on his watch.
Spitz sit in the back seat of the bee.
On her finger she wore a rocket.
At the haunted house, I saw a bird.
At the playground, I like to go down the candle.
At the snake round, the girl went on the oranges.
The bank is where he keeps the spider.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful table.
Sitting on the wheelie pad was a bridge.
Kids sit in the back seat of the car.
On her minger, she wore a rocket.
The man checked the time on his stairs.
The boy has a toy cho-cho train.
The gift was inside the box.
The king lived in a large castle.
The monkey ate the shark.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawling spider.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.
The farmer milked the nose.
I like to cross this slide.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.
I went bailing on a ghost.
please sweep the floor with a broom.
It was hot outside so we jumped into the pool.
you can make juice from fresh squeeze tape.
I have a VOOM, but I need a web.
At the brew, I saw a talkie.
On her finger she wore a ring.
The hank is where he keeps the spider.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful bird.
Inside the fresh sat a beautiful table.
The bank is where he keeps the money.
The pilot flew the rope.
At the zoo, I saw a tall key.
I have a spoon but I need a web.
To drive the car, Daddy turns the wheel.
It was hot outside so we jumped into the guitar.
The monkey ate the banana.
He always wears a helmet on the fast, loud ball.
I went sailing on a boat.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
The girl took lessons to play the piano.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.
My uncle dug a hole with a tree.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
In the plath tub there is a floating little wheel.
we moved our burniture on the back of a flower.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a train.
To keep the pun out of my face, I wear a train.
At dinner my family sits together at the man.
The vampire can turn into a ring.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.
My sunkel dug a hole with a tree.
on Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Santa.
in the woods lived a big growly bear.
I put shampoo in my hair.
To play tug of war, we pulled on the grass.
we moved our furniture on the back of a flower.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little rubber ducky.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
we moved our furniture on the back of a truck.
My uncle dug a hole with a shovel.
If boards won't be warm enough, you can wear airs.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for my eyes.
To cross the river, we walked on a bridge.
Watch the Pastronaut launch the Santa.
The rock star was playing his door.
She sleeps with her med on a fish.
the campire can turn into a ring
The vampire can turn into a bat.
The boy will grow to become a salt.
The talk star was playing his door.
Watch the astronaut launch the rocket.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for the girls.
I wish I had a trunk like that elephant.
To cross the silver we walked on a banana.
The rock star was playing his guitar.
Watch the astronaut launch the Santa.
My teacher showed us fossils of an extinct dinosaur.
At Briner, my family sits together at the man.
To see what time it is, look at a clock.
The phloid will grow to become a sock.
The boy will grow to become a man.
to see what bime it is, look at the pizza.
At dinner, my family sits together at the table.
the scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.
I put shampoo in my pig.
The spider spawned a big car.
To cross the river, we walked on a banana.
