Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.

The king wore a shiny gold box.

When you go outside, please close the door.

When you go outside, please close the doors.

When you go outside, please close the door.

When you go outside, meet closer girls.

If board won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.

If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.

If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.

If pores won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.

Watch the astronaut launch the rocket.

Watch the astronaut launch the Santa.

which the pastor not launch the Santa.

which the astronaut launched the rocket.

The rock star was playing his store.

So Takistar was playing his store.

The rock star was playing his guitar.

The rock star was playing his door.

The talk star was playing his door.

My uncle dug a hole with a tree.

My snorkel dug a hole with the tree.

My uncle dug a hole with a tree.

My snorkel dug a hole with a tree.

To play tug-of-war, we pulled on the grass,.

To play tug-of-war, we pulled on the grass.

to play muggle war we pulled on the grass.

My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.

My friend likes pepperoni on his money.

My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.

My friend likes pepperoni on his money.

On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawly spider.

On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawly bag.

On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawling spider.

It was hot outside, so it jumped into the pool.

It was hot outside, so it dropped into the guitar.

It was fought outside, so we jumped into the guitar.

It was hot outside, so he jumped into the pool.

The king lived in a large castle.

Please sweep the floor with a broom.

The Bride wore a fancy dress.

The kite wore a fessy bed,.

The bride wore a fessy bed.

The bride wore a fancy dress,.

The kite wore a fessy bed.

The bride wore a fancy bed.

When Randy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.

The mommy put a diaper on her baby.

The mummy put a diaper on her cereal.

The Plummie put a diaper on her cereal.

first put on your socks, then put on your crayons,.

First put on your nocks, then put on your crayons.

First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.

First put on your socks, then put on your crayons.

The gift was inside the zebra.

The gift was inside the box.

The test was inside the zebra.

the gift was inside the box.

The test was inside the zebra.

The pilot flew the airplane.

the pirate flew the rope.

the pilot flew the rope.

On her fingers she wore a ring.

On her fingers she wore a rocket.

On her fingers she wore a ring.

On her fingers she wore a racket.

on her Mingershey World rocket.

For Halloween, he carved a dress.

For following, he covered her chest.

For Halloween, he carved a pumpkin.

for hollowing a carved address.

For Baldwin, he covered the dress.

At the zoo, I saw a tall giraffe.

As a Jew, I saw a tall key.

as a brew I saw a tall key.

As a zoo, I saw a turkey.

as a brewer, I saw a tall key.

As a haunted house, I saw a bird.

I saw a ghost.

At the haunted house, I saw a bird.

As a haunted house, I saw a ghost.

I fix the torn page with a piece of tape.

I fixed the torn page with a piece of book.

I fixed the torn page with a pixel book.

The bounty nibbled a claw.

The Bonnie nibbled a carrot.

For breakfast, I scrambled the eggs.

For breakfast, I scramble the gongs.

For breakfast, I scrambled the eggs,.

For a deck first, I scramble the guns.

For breakfast, I scramble the gauze.

I wear sunglasses to shade my eyes.

I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.

I wear bound glasses to shade my fire.

At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of hearts.

At dinner, my family sits together at the table.

At dinner, my family sits together as a man.

At dinner, my family sits together at the table.

At dinner, my family sits together as a man.

At dinner, my family sits together at the table.

At dinner, my family sits together as a man.

we moved our furniture on the back of a truck.

We moved our furniture on the back of a flower.

She sleeps with her mat on a fish,.

She sleeps with her head on a pillow.

she sleeps with her head on a fish.

She sleeps with her head on a pillow.

She sleeps with her head on a fish.

to see what time it is.
Look at a pizza.

to see what biome it is.
Look at the pizza.

To see what time it is, look at the pizza.

To see what biome it is, look at the pizza.

So one pyre can turn into a pet.

The campfire can turn into a ring.

so when empire can turn into a ring,.

So vampire can turn into a bat.

the one pile can turn into a ring.

I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.

I was scared that under my bed there could be a motorcycle.

I was scared that under my ground there could be a motorcycle.

I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.

I was scared that under my bed there could be a motorcycle.

I was scared that under my grass there could be a motorcycle.

As a playground, I like to go down the candle.

As a playground, I like to go down the slide.

As a playground, I like to go down the candle.

Inside the nest, set a buildable table.

Inside the first set of beautiful table,.

Inside the nest sat a beautiful bird.

As the snake runs, the goat went down the oranges.

As the playgrounds were growing and towns were swinging,.

At the playground, the girl went on the oranges.

as the snake runs ago and tells the oranges.

The bank is where he keeps the money.

The bank is where he keeps the money.

The hank is where he keeps the spider.

The cowboy is very good at riding his hat.

The little boy is very good at riding his hat.

I fell in the mud and have to put on a new button.

I fell in the mud and have to put on a new button.

I fell in the mud and have to put on a new shirt.

I fell in the hard-earned hell to put on a new button.

For breakfast, Mommy pour me a bowl of cereal.

For breakfast, Mommy pour me a bowl of cereal.

For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of cereal.

For slack first, mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.

For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of cereal.

For schlag first, mommy pour me a bowl of butterfly.

For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.

The caterpillar turned into a piano.

The caterpillar turned into a butterfly.

As the circus girl saw the truck,.

As a circus, a girl sells a truck.

Kids sit in the back seat of the car.

Cows eat a lot of grass.

Cows eat a lot of grass.

I have a womb, but I need a web.

I have a spoon, but I need a web.

I have a spoon, but I need a fork.

I have a womb, but I need a web.

Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.

use the result to change the channels on the castle.

Use the result to change the channels on the castle.

you can make juice from fresh squeezed tape.

The man checks the time on his stairs.

The aquarium has many different fish.

The atrium has many different swings.

The aquarium has many different swings.

The aquarium has many different swings.

There are three bedrooms in their carret.

In the lung there was one quacking pillow.

In the pond, there was one quacking pillow.

In the pond, there was one quacking duck.

In the lung, there was one quacking pillow.

I want to breathe in my dog.

I want to sleep in my bed.

I want to sleep in my dog.

I want to breathe in my dog.

I want to sleep in my bed.

I want to sleep in my dog.

The caterpillar is munching on our green cows.

The caterpillar is mounting on a green leaf.

I like to play fetch with my dog.

When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.

the farmer milked the cows.

As a zoo, I feather black and white-strapped zebra.

Riding on a broom was an old mean baby.

Riding on a shroom was an old mean baby.

Riding on a broom was an old mean witch.

There is one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.

There is one has room for the boys and one for aunt.

There is one bathroom for the boys and one for girls.

There is one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.

There is one as room for the boys and one for aunts.

There is one bathroom for the boys and one for girls.

