Please sweep the floor with a broom.
The spider spawned a big car.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
The man checked the time on his stairs.
The farmer mucked the nose.
The farmer mugged the cows.
Begin checked the time on his stairs.
I like to play badge with my clock.
The spider spawned a big web.
Please grip the floor with a snowman.
The rock star was playing his doll.
The apple grew on a tree.
I like to bounce the ball.
I like to play fetch with my dog.
The man checked the time on his watch.
The talk star was playing his doll.
the eater spawned a big car.
the three tejuns in their carrot.
The brave knight killed the child.
The brave knight killed the dragon.
There are three bedrooms in the carriage.
I put shampoo in my pig.
If balls won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.
I wish I had a trunk like that elephant.
I want to sleep in my dog.
There are three bedrooms in their house.
the apple grew on a bale.
I want to sleep in my bed.
I wish I had a trunk like that, Ruba Daki.
The gift was inside the zebra.
I put shampoo in my hair.
At the playground, I like to go down the candle.
The boy will grow to become a salt.
Cows eat a lot of grass.
cause seed a lot of shell
soldiers shoot with their glasses.
Inside the first set a beautiful table.
Oink, oink, said the pig.
The boy will grow to become a man.
At the playground, I like to go down the slide.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a motorcycle.
the fruit will grow to become a salt.
Grandma sits on her porch in a chair.
she sleeps with her mat on a fish.
In the platform, there is a floating little wheel.
At dinner, my family sits together at the man.
We moved our furniture on the back of a truck.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little rubber jockey.
She sleeps with her head on a pillow.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.
To see what time it is, look at a pizza.
If shirts won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.
To drive the car, daddy turns the wheel.
To drive the car that detains the hearts.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
She sleeps with her head on a fish.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.
At dinner, my family sits together at the table.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
The pilot flew the rope.
The boy has a toy juju chair.
The bank is where he keeps the spider.
I use three big snowballs to make a bear.
Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.
A pilot flew the airplane.
When Grandma reads, she needs her boat.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.
To see what time it is, look at a clock.
The gift was inside the box.
When you go outside, please close the doors.
The boy put the groceries in a bag.
You can open the locked door with the key.
You can make juice from fresh squeezed oranges.
Use the remote to change the channels on the castle.
I used three big snowballs to make a snowman.
When you go outside, please close the door.
When grandma reads, she needs her glasses.
The Dray Lord flew the rope.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little whale.
At the broom I saw a turkey.
To keep the sun out of my face, I will ahead.
The donkey ate the shark.
The bank is well, he keeps the money.
Spitz sits in the back seat of the bay.
I have a spoon but I need a web.
The boy has a toy choo-choo leaf.
Kids sit in the back seat of the car.
At the playground, the girl went on the oranges.
Oink, oink, there's the shoes.
The monkey at the shark.
At the zoo, I saw a turkey.
To keep the palm out of my face, I will, I chained.
Demma sits on her porch in a bed.
I have a worm, but I need a web.
Kid sit in the back seat of the bed.
The coloring book comes with a box of hair.
I have a spoon but I need a fork.
Grandma sits on her porch in a bed.
The monkey ate the banana.
To keep the song out of my face, I will a train.
When I got a coat, I have a runny nose.
To play tug of war, we put on the rope.
To cross the river, we worked on a bridge.
Daddy's Kurt was missing a fork.
In the pond there was one cracking duck.
In the pond, there was one quaking pillow.
Daddy's shirt was missing a fork.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.
To play mug of ore we put on the grass.
When I get a coat, I have a running pumpkin.
On the quilling I saw a creepy cloudy bag.
First put on your nocks, then put on your crayons.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
To cross the silver, we worked on a banana.
To cross the river, we worked on a banana.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.
The bee sat on the patches of the watch.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy, crawling spider.
The king lived in a large castle.
The bride wore a fancy dress.
I went bailing on a ghost.
On Christmas, Mummy left Cookie for Santa.
On Christmas, money left cookies for ice.
I went sailing on a boat.
The kid wore a fancy bat.
Please sweep the floor with a snowman.
He always wears a bow mat on the first loud ball.
The king lived in a large TV.
To play tug of war, we put on the grass.
I like to bounce the slide.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white-stripped poo.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.
I went sitting on a ghost.
At the zoo, I fit the black and white striped zebra.
Daddy's shirt was missing a button.
My uncle dug a hole with a tree.
It was hot outside, so we jumped into the pool.
He always wears a helmet on the first loud ball.
