There is one half room for the boys and one for aunts.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped pool.
The eider spun a big car.
The scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.
The bunny nibbled a carrot.
At the haunted house, I saw a bird.
When Grandma reads, she needs her boat.
When Bandma reads, she needs her boat.
At the haunted house, I saw a bird.
For breakfast, I scrambled the eggs.
The scared turtle won't come out of its shell.
Watch the astronaut launch the rocket.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped zebra.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.
There's one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.
At the OO, I fed the black and white striped pool.
When we lost elasticity, we had to light a monster.
The brave knight killed the dragon.
The scared girdle won't come out of its airplane.
Sitting on the villi pad was a bridge.
For breakfast, I scrambled the guns.
For Deckfist, I scrambled the guns.
At the haunted house I saw a ghost.
My teacher showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
The brave pipe killed the chair.
Daddy's Kurt was missing a fork.
I pledge allegiance to the flag.
Daddy's shirt was missing a button.
The marmor milked the nose.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the frog.
She got stung by a flag.
Thandemaw sits on her porch in a vat.
The trunny nibbled a clown.
The bunny nibbled a clown.
Grandma sits on her porch in a bat.
She got stung by a bee.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.
The farmer milked the nose.
Daddy's shirt was missing a fork.
I went sailing on a ghost.
I pledge assent to the elephant.
When you go outside, please close the door.
To play tug-of-war, we pulled on the grass.
We moved our furniture on the back of a flower.
I fix the torn page with a piece of book.
Sitting on the lily pad was a frog.
Sitting on the lily pad was a bridge.
I fixed the torn page with a piece of tape.
At dinner, my family sits together at the man.
To play tug-of-war, we pulled on the rope.
When you go outside, Mies clothes the girls.
The farmer milked the cows.
When CSAS ends, the teacher rings the frog.
At the percuss, the girl saw the truck.
Use the remote to change the channels on the castle.
The sap will grow in a bough.
The bee sat on the petals of the watch.
You can open the locked door with the shovel.
The bride wore a fancy dress.
The drylet flew the rope.
The hank is where he keeps the spider.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.
The gound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
At the Riknik, the crumbs attracted eggs.
The bank is where he keeps the money.
The Kyde wore a fancy bed.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant house.
you can open the locked bore with the shovel.
The aquarium has many different swings.
Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.
At the circus, the girl saw the clown.
Use the result to change the channels on the castle.
Kids sit in the back seat of the bee.
It was hot outside, so we jumped into the guitar.
He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud motorcycle.
Desuys sat on the pedals of the watch.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
At the snake round, the girls went on the oranges.
She sleeps with her med on a fish.
She sleeps with her head on a pillow.
The bank is where he keeps the spider.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.
The bee sat on the petals of the flower.
He always wears a bellmet on that fast, loud ball.
It was hot outside, so we jumped into the pool.
Spids sit in the back seat of the bee.
you can make juice from fresh squeezed oranges.
The boy has a toy choo-choo train.
Zal's eat a lot of shell.
The bride wore a fancy bed.
The Plummie put a diaper on her cereal.
Please sweep the floor with a broom.
In the bathtub, there's a floating little rubber ducky.
I was scared that under my grid there could be a motorcycle.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful bird.
Inside the frist, set a beautiful table.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a bicycle.
In the Plath Tub, there is a floating little wheel.
He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud ball.
When I get a cold, I have a runny nose.
When Ratty cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
Cows eat a lot of grass.
The boy has a toy choo-choo leaf.
In the pond, there was one quacking pillow.
Kids sit in the back seat of the car.
I have a spoon, but I need a web.
When I get a cold, I have a runny pumpkin.
When Daddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
At the circus, the girl saw the truck.
When you go outside, please close the girls.
At the playground, the girls went on the swings.
At the zoo, I saw a tall giraffe.
At the playground, I like to go down the slide.
At the zoo, I saw a tall key.
At the te-ground, I like to go down the candle.
At the playground, the girls went on the oranges.
The king wore a shiny gold box.
When Daddy cooks, he adds pepper and salt.
The caterpillar turned into a butterfly.
When I get a brold, I have a runny pumpkin.
The koi has a toy choo-choo leaf.
Cows eat a lot of shell.
In the pond, there was one quacking duck.
To mive the car, daddy turns the hearts.
There are three bedrooms in there, Karen.
I have a spoon, but I need a fork.
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
The cowboy is very good at riding his hat.
Please creep the floor with a snowman.
Pom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
My friend likes pepperoni on his money.
The vampire can turn into a ring.
The floy will grow to become salt.
On her minger, she wore a rocket.
First put on your Nox, then put on your crayons.
First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.
For Halloween, he carved a pumpkin.
The boy will grow to become a man.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little wheel.
My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.
Please sweep the floor with a snowman.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.
I used three big snowballs to make a snowman.
For slack fist, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
I have a wound, but I need a web.
We roasted marshmallows over the fire.
To drive the car, Daddy turns the wheel.
We roasted sarshmallows over the giraffe.
The man checked the time on his stairs.
The cowboy is very good at riding his horse.
The matter pillar turned into a piano.
The mommy put a diaper on her baby.
To play mug of war, we pulled on the grass.
The king wore a shiny gold box.
but being lived in a large TV.
We moved our furniture on the back of a truck.
The campire can turn into a ring.
The gift was inside the zebra.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful table.
For Balaween, he carved a dress.
At the playground, I like to go down the candle.
For Halloween, he carved a dress.
First put on your socks, then put on your crayons.
The vampire can turn into a bat.
We moved our furniture on the back of a flower.
The king wore a shiny gold crown.
The king lived in a large castle.
My Nend likes pepperoni on his money.
The caterpillar turned into a piano.
The mommy put a diaper on her cereal.
The loud boy is very good at riding his hat.
To drive the car, Daddy turns the hearts.
We roasted marshmallows over the giraffe.
There are three bedrooms in their house.
The aquarium has many different fish.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy, crawly spider.
Fahmy read me my favorite broom.
The Runky Ate the Shark
You can open the locked door with the key.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant shark.
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of cereal.
I used three big kobolds to make a bear.
At the picnic, the crumbs attracted eggs.
On her finger, she wore a ring.
The boy will grow to become a salt.
She sleeps with her head on a fish.
To see what time it is, look at a pizza.
Soldiers shoot with their guns.
On her finger, she wore a rocket.
I used three big snowballs to make a bear.
At the picnic, the crumbs attracted ants.
The coloring book comes with a box of hair.
I fell in the HUD and have to put on a new button.
The femur was being chased by a giant house.
Mommy read me my favorite book.
The monkey ate the shark.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy, crawly bag.
The Adarium has many different swings.
There are three Tedrums in their carrot,
You can make juice from fresh squeezed tape.
The man checked the time on his watch.
The apple grew on a bough.
Mommy read me my favorite room.
On the queenling, I saw a creepy crawly bag.
The coloring book comes with a box of crayons.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new button.
The pilot flew the rope.
The tift was inside the zebra.
To see what biomed is, look at a pizza.
Nolgers shoot with their glasses.
Soldiers shoot with their glasses.
To see what time it is, look at a clock.
The gift was inside the box.
The pilot flew the airplane.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new shirt.
The coloring hook comes with a box of hair.
It was fog outside, so we jumped into the guitar.
The monkey ate the banana.
The king lived in a large TV.
The apple grew on a tree.
The Gan checked the time on his stairs.
you can make booze from fresh squeezed tape.
Riding on a broom was an old mean witch.
I wish I had a plunk like that rubber ducky.
I want to sleep in my dog.
I like to bounce on the slide.
The talk star was playing his door.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of hearts.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a hat.
I fix the torn mage with a piece of book.
Grandma sits on her porch in a chair.
"'Oink, oink,' said the shoes.'
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.
My uncle dug a hole with a tree.
I like to bounce on the ball.
I want to sleep in my bed.
I wish I had a trunk like that rubber ducky.
In the woods lived a big growly witch.
In the woods lived a big growly witch.
The girl took lessons to play the piano.
In the lawn, there was one quacking pillow.
I went sailing on a boat.
I put shampoo in my hair.
My uncle dug a hole with a shovel.
To keep the pun out of my face, I wear a train.
At Brenner, my family sits together at the man.
At dinner, my family sits together at the table.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a train.
My son can dug a hole with a tree.
If boards won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
I went bailing on a ghost.
I want to brief in my dog.
I like to crounce on the slide.
In the woods lived a big growly witch.
I wish I had a trunk like that elephant.
To cross the river, we walked on a banana.
On Sismas, Mommy left cookies for Eyes.
Riding on a shoom was an old mean baby.
I like to play fetch with my dog.
The caterpillar is munching on a green cow's.
Watch the astronaut launch the Santa.
The rock star was playing his guitar.
When Grandma reads, she needs her glasses.
At Chalentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.
I wear bun glasses to shade my fire.
The zoe put the groceries in a horse.
The rock star was playing his door.
Watch the Pastronaut launch the Santa.
The satarpillar is munching on a green cow's.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
Riding on a broom was an old mean baby.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Santa.
To cross the river, we walked on a banana.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for eyes.
To cross the river, we walked on a bridge.
The caterpillar is munching on a green leaf.
The Stirl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
The spider spun a big car.
I put shampoo in my pig.
My teacher showed us fossils of an extinct dinosaur.
Oink, oink, kid the shoes.
I wear sunglasses to shade my eyes.
The boy put the groceries in a horse.
The boy put the groceries in a bag.
I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.
Oink, oink, said the pig.
My feature showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
I put Shem True in my pig.
The spider spun a big web.
The girl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
The brave knight killed the chair.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for girls.
In the woods lived a big growly bear.
