the king lived in a large TV.
I put shampoo in my pig.
At the piercus the girl saw the truck.
The hank is where he keeps the spider.
to drive the car daddy turns to hearts.
The man checked the time on his stairs.
I used three big cobalt to make a beer.
Kids sit in the back seat of the bee.
I put Shen Chu in my pick.
Mommy read me my favorite broom.
which the astronaut launched a rocket.
I used three big snowballs to make a snowman.
kids sit in the back seat of the car.
The speed sits in the back seat of the bee.
I used three big snowballs to make a beer.
The spiders spawn a big web.
I put shampoo in my hair.
you can open the locked door with the key.
the caterpillar turned into a piano.
At the circus, the girl saw the truck.
you can open the lock door with the shovel.
If boards won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
When daddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
The brave knight killed the dragon.
the matter pillar turn into a piano.
I fell in the mud and had to put on a new shirt.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new button.
The coloring book comes with a box of hair.
I want to sleep in my dog.
When I get a code, I have a runny pop king.
If shores won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.
We moved our furniture on the back of the truck.
I fixed the torn page with a piece of book.
The gaunt was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
To cross the river, we walked on a bridge.
There's one bathroom for the boys and one for girls.
The sound was so loud I have to cover my ears.
For breakfast, I scrambled the eggs.
the floyd will grow to become a salt.
On her finger she wore a ring.
I fixed the torn mage with a piece of book.
At dinner, my family sits together at the men.
On Sismas, Mommy left cookies for Ice.
Daddy's skirt was missing a fork.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Santa.
At dinner, my family sits together at a table.
Grandma sits on her porch in a chair.
The pilot flew the rope.
For breakfast, I scramble the gums.
When Grandma reads, she needs her glasses.
sitting on the lily pad with a frog.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for ice.
I wish I had a trunk like that rubber ducky.
To cross the river, we walked on a banana.
Riding on a broom was an old mean baby.
Grandma sits on her porch in a bed.
When Grandma reads, she needs her boat.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a hat.
I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a train.
My teacher showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
The bank is where he keeps the spider.
The bank is where he keeps the money.
The scared turtle won't come out of its shell.
To keep the pond out of my face, I wear a train.
I wear sunglasses to shade my eyes.
sitting on the lily pad with a bridge.
When you go outside, please close the door.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant cows.
At the zoo, I fed black and white-striped poll.
The steer took lessons to play the dinosaur.
inside the first set of beautiful table.
soldiers should with their glasses.
No jurors should with their glasses.
Inside a nest sat a beautiful bird.
The girl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped zebra.
The bee sat on the petals of the watch.
At the haunted house I saw a ghost.
The king wore a shiny goat box.
The boy put the groceries in a bag.
The bee set on the petals of the flower.
When you go outside, miss close the girls.
At the zoo, I saw a tall key.
I like to play fetch with my dog.
The farmer milked the nose.
She slips with her hat on the fish.
At the snake round, the girl went on the oranges.
at the playground, the girl went on the swings.
She sleeps with her mat on a fish.
I went bailing on a ghost.
I like to play batch with my clock.
She got stunned by a flag.
At the haunted house, I saw a bird.
The Sui set on the petals of the watch.
The zooi put the groceries in a horse.
The gift was inside the zebra.
On her manger she wear a rocket.
The hen wore a shiny goat box.
The boy will grow to become a sod.
the campire can turn into a ring.
At the playground, I like to go down the candle.
The girl would take lessons to play the piano.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the frog.
I like to bounce the ball.
Inside a nest set a beautiful table.
the vampire can turn into a ring.
The boy will grow to become a man.
On her finger, she wore a rocket.
the runkey A, the shark.
First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.
For Halloween, he carved a pop king.
The gift was inside the box.
At the playground, I like to go down the slide.
the vampire can turn into a bat.
I went sailing on a ghost.
Daddy's shirt was missing a button.
I like to bounce the slide.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.
To see what time it is, look at a clock.
I was scared that under my bed there would be a monster.
the tift was inside the zebra.
The monkey ate the shark.
For Halloween, he carved a dress.
Please sweep the floor with a broom.
My uncle dug a hole with a tree.
there are three bedrooms in their caravan.
I have a spoon, but I need a fork.
The coloring hook comes with a box of hair.
you can open the locked board with the shovel.
Zao's eat a lot of shell.
There are three bedrooms in their house.
My uncle dug a hole with a shovel.
He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud ball.
to play mug of war we put on the grass.
When Reddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
I have a spoon but I need a web.
I want to breathe in my dog.
I want to sleep in my bed.
The boy has a toy choo-choo train.
The bride wore a fancy bed.
to play tug of war we put on the rope.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawly spider.
Please sweep the floor with a snowman.
to drive the car, Daddy turns the wheel.
The apple grew on a tree.
The aquarium has many different swims.
You can make juice from fresh squeezed tape.
Please scrape the floor with a snowman.
It was hot outside, so we jumped into the guitar.
The king lived in a large castle.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy, crawly bag.
The rock star was playing his door.
Cows eat a lot of shell.
The man checked time on his watch.
use the remote to change the channels on the TV.
Use the remote to change channels on the castle.
the aquarium has many different fish.
Cows eat a lot of grass.
The rock star was playing his guitar.
My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.
The Bing lived in a large TV
