The monkey ate the banana.
The monkey ate the shark.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.
Pom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
The Hing wore a shiny gold box.
The king wore a shiny gold crown.
The king wore a shiny gold box.
When you go outside, please close the girls.
When you go outside, please close the door.
When you go outside, me's clothes the girls.
she got stung by a bee.
She got stung by a flag.
She got flung by a flag.
The scared turtle won't come out of its shell.
The scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.
The scared journal won't come out of its airplane.
my teacher showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
My Veetur showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.
If boards won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
I put shampoo in my hair.
I put chamtru in my pig.
I put shampoo in my pig.
Watch the astronaut launch the Santa.
Watch the Pastronaut launch the Santa.
Watch the astronaut launch the rocket.
The spider spun a big web.
The spider spun a big car.
The rock star was playing his guitar.
The rock star was playing his door.
The talk star was playing his door.
My uncle dug a hole with a tree.
My suncle dug a hole with a tree.
My uncle dug a hole with a shovel.
To play tug of war, we pulled on the grass.
To play tug of war we pulled on the rope.
To play mug of war, we played on the grass.
My Nend likes pepperoni on his money.
My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.
My friend likes pepperoni on his money.
On the ceiling, I saw a big creepy crawly bag.
On the ceiling, I saw a big creepy crawly spider.
On the queeling, I saw a creepy crawly bag.
It was fog outside, so we jumped into the guitar.
It was hot outside, so we jumped into the pool.
It was hot outside, so we jumped into the guitar.
Mommy read me my favorite book.
"'Fahmy read me my favorite broom.'
Mommy read me my favorite broom.
The king lived in a large TV.
The Bing lived in a large TV.
The king lived in a large castle.
Please sweep the floor with the snowman.
Please greep the floor with a snowman.
Please sweep the floor with a broom.
He always wears a helmet on the fast, loud motorcycle.
The bride wore a fancy dress.
The king wore a fancy bed.
The bride wore a fancy bed.
When Ratty cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
When Daddy cooks, he adds pepper and salt.
When Daddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
The mommy put a diaper on her cereal.
The Plummie put a diaper on her cereal.
When I get a cold, I have a runny nose.
When I get uprolled, I have a runny pumpkin.
When I get a cold, I have a runny pumpkin.
The Sui sat on the pedals of the watch.
The bee sat on the petals of the watch.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant house.
The femur was being chased by a giant house.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant shark.
First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.
First put on your socks, then put on your crayons.
The gift was inside the zebra.
The gift was inside the box.
The tiff was inside the zebra.
At a picnic, the crumbs attract eggs.
At the picnic, the crumbs attract ants.
At the Ricknick, the crumbs attract eggs.
The pilot flew the airplane.
The pilot flew the rope.
On her finger she wore a ring.
On her finger she wore a rocket.
On her minger, she wore a rocket.
For Halloween, he carved a pumpkin.
For Halloween, he carved a dress.
For Baluene, he carved a dress.
At the zoo, I saw a tall giraffe.
At the zoo, I saw a tall key.
At the brew I saw a tall key.
At the haunted house I saw a bird.
At the haunted klaus I saw a bird.
At the haunted house, I saw a ghost.
Sitting on the villi pad was a bridge.
Sitting on the lily pad was a bridge.
Sitting on the lily pad was a frog.
Grandma sits on a porch in a bat.
Grandma sits on the porch in the chair.
I fixed a torn mage with a piece of book.
I fixed a torn page with a piece of tape.
I fixed a torn page with a piece of book.
The tranny nibbled a clown.
The bunny nibbled a clown.
The bunny nibbled a carrot.
For breakfast, I scrambled the eggs.
For Dekvis, I scrambled the guns.
For breakfast, I scrambled the guns.
Oink, oink, ked the shoes.
Oink, oink, said the pig.
Oink, oink, said the shoes.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a hat.
To keep the pun out of my face, I wear a train.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a train.
The boy put his groceries in a horse.
The boy put his groceries in a bag.
The Zoi put his groceries in a horse.
When Grandma reads, she needs her glasses.
When Grandma reads, she needs her boat.
When Bema reads, she needs her boat.
I wear sunglasses to shade my eyes.
I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.
I wear bun glasses to shade my fire.
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of hearts.
At Brinner, my family sits together at the man.
At dinner, my family sits together at the table.
At dinner, my family sits together at the man.
we moved our furniture on the back of a truck.
the floy will grow and become a salt.
The boy will grow to become a man.
The boy will grow to become a salt.
Soldiers shoot with their guns.
Soldiers shoot with their glasses.
Nolgers shoot with their glasses.
She sleeps with her med on a fish.
She sleeps with her head on a pillow.
She sleeps with her head on a fish.
To see what time it is, look at a pizza.
To see what time it is, look at a clock.
To see what biomed is, look at a pizza.
the vampire can turn into a bat.
the campire can turn into a ring.
the vampire can turn into a ring.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little wheel.
In the plath tub, there is a floating little wheel.
In the bathtub, there's a floating little rubber ducky.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.
The ground was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a motorcycle.
I was scared that under my grid there could be a motorcycle.
At the playground, I like to go down the slide.
At the teaground, I like to go down the candle.
At the playground, I like to go down the candle.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful table.
Inside the frest sat a beautiful table.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful bird.
At the playground, the girl went on the swings.
At the playground, the girl went on the oranges.
At the snake ground, the girl went on the oranges.
The bank is where he keeps the spider.
The bank is where he keeps the money.
The hank is where he keeps the spider.
I used three big co-balls to make the bear.
I used three big snowballs to make the bear.
I used three big snowballs to make the snowman.
The cowboy is very good at riding his hat.
The cowboy is very good at riding his horse.
The lab boy is very good at riding his hat.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new shirt.
you can open the locked door with a key.
you can open the lock door with a shovel.
you can open the locked bore with the shovel.
The coloring hook comes with a box of hair.
The coloring book comes with a box of hair.
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of cereal.
For Slek Fist, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
the matter pillar turned into a piano.
the caterpillar turned into a piano.
the caterpillar turned into a butterfly.
At the circus, the girl saw the truck.
At the circus, the girl saw the clown.
At the percuss, the girl saw the truck.
Kids sit in the back of a bee.
Kids sit in the back seat of the car.
Cows eat a lot of shell.
Zows eat a lot of shell.
I have a spoon, but I need a fork.
I have a wound, but I need a web.
I have a spoon, but I need a web.
The koi has a toy choo-choo leaf.
The boy has a toy choo-choo leaf.
The boy has a toy choo-choo train.
Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.
Use the Restout to change to channels on the castle.
You can make juice from fresh squeezed oranges.
you can make boosts from fresh squeezed tape.
you can make juice from fresh squeezed tape.
To my of the car, daddy turns the hearts.
To drive the car, Daddy turns the wheel.
To drive the car, Daddy turns the hearts.
The man checked the time on his stairs.
The Gan checked the time on his stairs.
The man checked the time on his watch.
The aquarium has many different fish.
The Adarium has many different swings.
The aquarium has many different swings.
The spapple grew on a ball.
The apple grew on a tree.
The apple grew on a bell.
There are three bedrooms in their house.
there are three Ted rooms in their carrot.
There are three bedrooms in their carat.
We roast marshmallows over the fire.
We roast marshmallows over the giraffe.
In the pond there was one quacking pillow.
In the pond there was one quacking duck.
In the lawn, there was one quacking pillow.
I want to burp in my dog.
I want to sleep in my bed.
I want to sleep in my dog.
The satrapillar is munching on green cows.
The caterpillar is munching on the green leaf.
The brave knight killed the chair.
The brave Pite killed the chair.
The brave knight killed the dragon.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
I like to play betch with my clock.
I like to play fetch with my dog.
The Stirl took lessons to play the Dinosaur.
The girl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
The girl took lessons to play the piano.
I like to crown the slide.
I like to bounce the ball.
I like to bounce the slide.
Daddy's shirt was missing a button.
Daddy's shirt was missing a fork.
Daddy's Kurt was missing a fork.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the frog.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.
I went sailing on a ghost.
I went sailing on a boat.
I went bailing on a ghost.
The marmor milked the nose.
The farmer milked the nose.
I pledge assigence to the elephant.
I pledge allegiance to the elephant.
I pledge allegiance to the flag.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped pool.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped zebra.
Riding on a broom was an old mean baby.
Riding on a shoom was an old mean baby.
Riding on a broom was an old mean witch.
In the woods lived a big, growly witch.
In the woods lived a big growly witch.
In the woods lived a big growly bear.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for eyes.
On Sistmas, Mommy left cookies for eyes.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Santa.
There was one bathroom for the boys and one for the aunts.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for the aunts.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for the girls.
To cross the river, we walked on a bridge.
To cross the sivir, we walked on a banana.
To cross the river, we walked on a banana.
I wish I had a trunk like that rubber ducky.
I wish I had a trunk like that elephant.
