On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for eyes.
Daddy's shirt was missing a button.
The farmer milks the cows.
Watch the passer not watch the center.
She got flung by a flag.
I fixed the torn page with a piece of tape.
For Boloene, he carved a dress.
The boy put the groceries in a horse.
The boy put the groceries in a bag.
At the zoo, I saw a tall giraffe.
I fix the torn page with a piece of book.
She got stung by a flag.
Watch the astronaut launch the Santa.
I pledge assigence to the elephant.
Daddy's shirt was missing a fork.
In the ouds lived a big, growly witch.
The farmer milks the nose.
I like to bounce the slide.
The caterpillar is munching on a green cow's.
The scared turtle won't come out of its shell.
At the brew, I saw a tall key.
The bunny nibbled a clown.
I wish I had a trunk like that elephant.
The trunny nibbled a clown.
At the zoo, I saw a tall key.
The scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.
The Satterpillar is munching on a green cows.
I like to bounce the ball.
The marmor melts the nose.
The girl took lessons to play the piano.
When CSAS ends, the teacher rings the frog.
Daddy's Kurt was missing a fork.
She got stung by a bee.
At the haunted house, I saw a ghost.
Grandma sits on her porch in a chair.
I fixed the torn mage with a piece of book.
Sitting on the villi pad was a bridge.
When you go outside, me's close to the girls.
When we lost elasticity, we had to light a monster.
I went sailing on a ghost.
I like to crowns the slide.
I wish I had a plunk like that rubber ducky.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.
I went bailing on a ghost.
When you go outside, please close the girls.
My soncle dug a hole with a tree.
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of hearts.
Grandma sits on her porch in a bat.
At the haunted house, I saw a bird.
At the haunted house, I saw a bird.
Dan Moss sits on her porch in a bat.
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.
My uncle dug a hole with a shovel.
When you go outside, please close the door.
I went sailing on a boat.
When we lost the electricity, we had to light a monster.
I wish I had a trunk like the rubber ducky.
The caterpillar turned into a piano.
The koi has a toy choo-choo leaf.
The man checked the time on his watch.
When I get a cold, I have a running pumpkin.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new button.
He always wears a bell mint on that fast, loud ball.
At the picnic, the crumbs attracted eggs.
At the playground, the girl went on the oranges.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little rubber ducky.
In the plath tub, there is a floating little wheel.
The gift was inside the zebra.
At the playground, the girl went on the swings.
He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud motorcycle.
The bee sat on the petals of the flower.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new shirt.
The Gan checked the time on his stairs.
I have a spoon, but I need a web.
the caterpillar turned into a piano.
The boy has a toy choo-choo leaf.
The caterpillar turned into a butterfly.
It was fought outside, so we jumped into the guitar.
He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud ball.
When I get a brold, I have a running pumpkin.
The vampire can turn into a ring.
Inside the frest sat a beautiful table.
the boy will grow to become a salt.
Soldiers shoot with their guns.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful bird.
In the bathtub, there's a floating little wheel.
When I get a cold, I have a runny nose.
Please sweep the floor with a broom.
On the clean link, I saw a creepy crawly bag.
At the circus, the girl saw the truck.
The boy has a toy choo-choo train.
I have a wound, but I need a web.
Spids sit in the backseat of the B.
The bride wore a fancy dress.
When Daddy cooks, he adds pepper and salt.
Please sweep the floor with a snowman.
the campire can turn into a ring.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.
At the take round, I like to go down the candle.
At the playground, I like to go down the slide.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
a vampire can turn into a bat.
Please greep the floor with a snowman.
The mommy put a diaper on her baby.
The kite wore a fancy bit.
Kids sit in the backseat of the B.
I have a spoon, but I need a fork.
There are three bedrooms in their carrot.
At the circus, the girl saw the clown.
Cows eat a lot of grass.
The Plummie put a diaper on her cereal.
When Ratty cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
The king wore a shiny gold box.
At the playgrounds, I like to go down the candle.
For Halloween, he carved a pumpkin.
The gound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
For Halloween, he carved a dress.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful table.
The king wore a shiny gold crown.
The bride wore a fancy bed.
For select-fist, mommy poured me
The mommy put a diaper on her cereal.
Zows eat a lot of shell.
At the percuss, the girl saw the truck.
We roasted marshmallows over the fire.
Use the result to change the channels on the castle.
The apple grew on a tree.
The kids sit in the backseat of the car.
The coloring hook comes with a box of hair.
The hank is where he keeps the spider.
the king lived in a large castle.
Palm likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
My Nend likes pepperoni on his money.
To see what time it is, look at a clock.
At dinner, my family sits together at the men.
The dry lot flew the rope.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant house.
The femur was being chased by a giant house.
On her finger she wore a ring.
We moved our burniture on the back of a flower.
To see what BIMID is, look at a pizza.
To play Mug of War, we pulled on the grass.
The Bing lived in a large TV.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.
The bank is where he keeps the money.
The coloring book comes with a box of crayons.
Cows eat a lot of shell.
The apple grew on a bell.
You can make juice from fresh squeezed oranges.
There are three Tedrooms in their carrot.
You can make juice from fresh squeeze tape.
I used three big kobolds to make a bear.
The coloring book comes with a box of hair.
When Daddy cooks, he had pepper and salt.
To play tug of war, we pulled on the grass.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
Mommy read me my favorite broom.
At dinner, my family sits together at the table.
To see what time it is, look at the pizza.
First put on your nocks, then put on your crowns.
I was scared that under my Gred there could be a motorcycle.
On her minger she wore a rocket.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a motorcycle.
On her finger she wore a rocket.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant shark.
She sleeps with her head on a fish.
At Brenner, my family sits together at the man.
The Heng wore a shiny gold box.
The king lived in a large TV.
To play tug-of-war, we pulled on the rope.
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of cereal.
When Daddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
I used three big snowballs to make a bear.
you can make boosts from fresh squeeze tape.
There are three bedrooms in their house.
The aquarium has many different swings.
To drive the car, daddy turns the hearts.
My friend likes pepperoni on his money.
It was hot outside so we jumped into the guitar.
The runky ate the shark.
The loud boy is very good at riding his hat.
The bee sat on the petals of the watch.
you can open the locked bore with the shovel.
At the snag grounds, they're growing on the oranges.
the gift was inside the box.
The pilot flew the airplane.
We moved our furniture on the back of a flower.
Soldiers shoot with their glasses.
Nolgers shoot with their glasses.
We moved our furniture on the back of a truck.
The pilot flew the rope.
The bank is where he keeps the spider.
The tift was inside the zebra.
you can open the locked door with a shovel.
The cowboy is very good at riding his horse.
The Swiss sat on the pedals of the watch.
It was hot outside so we jumped into the pool.
The monkey ate the shark.
My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.
The man checks the time on his stairs.
The Snapple grew on a bell.
Use the remote to change the channels on the castle.
To drive the car, Daddy turns the wheel.
The Adirium has many different swings.
Mommy read me my favorite book.
On the ceiling I saw a creepy crawly bag.
I fell on the HUD and have to put on a new button.
I used three big snowballs to make a snowman.
At the Ricknick, the crumbs attracted eggs.
First put on your socks, then put on your crayons.
She sleeps with her head on a pillow.
The boy will grow to become a man.
The floy will grow to become a salt.
She sleeps with her med on a fish.
First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.
At the picnic, the crumbs attracted ants.
The cowboy is very good at riding his hat.
you can open the locked door with the key.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawly spider.
The monkey ate the banana.
Follow me, read me my favorite broom.
The aquarium has many different fish.
To mive the car, daddy turns the hearts.
Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.
At the oo, I fed the black and white striped pool.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for girls.
In the pond there was one quacking duck.
The girl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
The rock star was playing his guitar.
My V'chur showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.
For breakfast, I scrambled the guns.
Sitting on the lily pad was a frog.
Sitting on the lily pad was a bridge.
For Deck Fist, I scrambled the guns.
I wear sunglasses to shade my eyes.
My teacher showed us fossils of an extinct dinosaur.
The rockstar was playing his door.
The sterl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
In the pond, there was one quacking pillow.
To cross the river, we walked on a bridge.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white stripes pool.
To cross the river, we walked on a banana.
Riding on a broom was an old, mean baby.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
We roasted marshmallows over the giraffe.
When recess ends, the teacher brings the frog.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.
My uncle dug a hole with a tree.
Oink, oink, ked the shoes.
I wear bun glasses to shade my fire.
At Chalentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.
Oink, oink, said the pig.
the talk star was playing his door.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.
We roasted Sarshamalos over the giraffe.
I'd like to play fetch with my dog.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped zebra.
To cross the sivir, we walked on a banana.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.
In the woods lived a big, growly witch.
I pledge allegiance to the flag.
The brave knight kills the chair.
I want to brief in my dog.
I put Sham True in my pig.
The spider spun a big web.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a train.
When Ban Ma reads, she needs her boat.
When Grandma reads, she needs her boats.
To keep the pun out of my face, I wear a train.
The spider spun a big car.
I put shampoo in my pig.
In the lawn there was one quacking pillow.
The caterpillar is munching on a green leaf.
I pledge allegiance to the elephants.
In the woods lived a big, growly bear.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.
Hiding on the broom was an old mean witch.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Santa.
I want to sleep in my bed.
The brave pite killed the chair.
The eider spun a big car.
I put shampoo in my hair.
my teacher showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
The bunny nibbled a carrot.
The zooi put the groceries in a horse.
Oink, oink, said the shoes.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a hat.
When Grandma reads, she needs her glasses.
For breakfast, I scrambled the eggs.
The scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.
If boards won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
Watch the astronaut launch the rocket.
The brave knight killed the dragon.
I want to sleep in my dog.
On SysMis, mommy loves cookies for eyes.
Riding on a shoom was an old mean baby.
