In the woods lived a big, growly witch.
The spider spun a big web.
The scared turtle won't come out of its shell.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a hat.
Grandma sits on a porch in a bat.
At Brinner, my family sits together at the man.
At dinner, my family sits together at the table.
Grandma sits on the porch in the chair.
To keep the pun out of my face, I wear a train.
She got flung by a flag.
Watch the astronaut launch the rocket.
In the woods lived a big growly witch.
I wish I had a trunk like that elephant.
Riding on a broom was an old mean witch.
I went sailing on a ghost.
The scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.
I fixed a torn page with a piece of tape.
The boy put his groceries in a horse.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a train.
I fixed a torn mage with a piece of book.
The scared journal won't come out of its airplane.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.
Riding on a shoom was an old mean baby.
I wish I had a trunk like that rubber ducky.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped zebra.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for the girls.
In the woods lived a big growly bear.
She got stung by a flag.
The bunny nibbled a clown.
Oink, oink, said the pig.
Oink, oink, said the shoes.
The bunny nibbled a carrot.
she got stung by a bee.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for eyes.
To cross the river, we walked on a bridge.
Riding on a broom was an old mean baby.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Santa.
To cross the river, we walked on a banana.
When you go outside, please close the door.
To play tug of war we pulled on the rope.
She sleeps with her head on a pillow.
Oink, oink, ked the shoes.
The tranny nibbled a clown.
I fixed a torn page with a piece of book.
For breakfast, I scrambled the guns.
She sleeps with her med on a fish.
To play mug of war, we played on the grass.
When you go outside, me's clothes the girls.
To cross the sivir, we walked on a banana.
On Sistmas, Mommy left cookies for eyes.
You can make juice from fresh squeezed oranges.
The apple grew on a bell.
The brave knight killed the chair.
First put on your socks, then put on your crayons.
At the percuss, the girl saw the truck.
When Ratty cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
For Halloween, he carved a dress.
you can open the locked bore with the shovel.
At the playground, the girl went on the oranges.
At the playground, the girl went on the swings.
For Halloween, he carved a pumpkin.
you can open the lock door with a shovel.
When Daddy cooks, he adds pepper and salt.
The gift was inside the zebra.
Kids sit in the back of a bee.
The caterpillar is munching on the green leaf.
The apple grew on a tree.
Use the Restout to change to channels on the castle.
There are three bedrooms in their house.
you can make boosts from fresh squeezed tape.
Mommy read me my favorite book.
The bride wore a fancy bed.
First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.
Inside the frest sat a beautiful table.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new shirt.
In the plath tub, there is a floating little wheel.
In the bathtub, there's a floating little rubber ducky.
you can open the locked door with a key.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful bird.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant shark.
The king wore a fancy bed.
It was hot outside, so we jumped into the guitar.
you can make juice from fresh squeezed tape.
there are three Ted rooms in their carrot.
The spapple grew on a ball.
The man checked the time on his stairs.
When Daddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
The Sui sat on the pedals of the watch.
He always wears a helmet on the fast, loud motorcycle.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful table.
The bank is where he keeps the spider.
The cowboy is very good at riding his hat.
I used three big snowballs to make the snowman.
At the snake ground, the girl went on the oranges.
At the playground, I like to go down the candle.
The bride wore a fancy dress.
The bee sat on the petals of the watch.
The mommy put a diaper on her cereal.
To drive the car, Daddy turns the hearts.
The aquarium has many different swings.
I like to crown the slide.
To my of the car, daddy turns the hearts.
The aquarium has many different fish.
The femur was being chased by a giant house.
When I get a cold, I have a runny nose.
Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.
When you go outside, please close the girls.
The cowboy is very good at riding his horse.
Sitting on the lily pad was a bridge.
The bank is where he keeps the money.
Sitting on the lily pad was a frog.
The hank is where he keeps the spider.
The lab boy is very good at riding his hat.
The king wore a shiny gold box.
The Plummie put a diaper on her cereal.
The boy has a toy choo-choo train.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant house.
The Adarium has many different swings.
To drive the car, Daddy turns the wheel.
I like to bounce the ball.
We roast marshmallows over the giraffe.
I like to play fetch with my dog.
The Gan checked the time on his stairs.
I have a spoon, but I need a web.
For Slek Fist, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
Please sweep the floor with a broom.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
On the ceiling, I saw a big creepy crawly bag.
At the playground, I like to go down the slide.
To see what time it is, look at a clock.
At the haunted house I saw a bird.
At a picnic, the crumbs attract eggs.
At the picnic, the crumbs attract ants.
At the haunted klaus I saw a bird.
To see what biomed is, look at a pizza.
At the teaground, I like to go down the candle.
My friend likes pepperoni on his money.
Please greep the floor with a snowman.
Pom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of cereal.
I have a wound, but I need a web.
The man checked the time on his watch.
The Stirl took lessons to play the Dinosaur.
In the pond there was one quacking pillow.
The girl took lessons to play the piano.
In the lawn, there was one quacking pillow.
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
The koi has a toy choo-choo leaf.
When I get uprolled, I have a runny pumpkin.
My Nend likes pepperoni on his money.
The Hing wore a shiny gold box.
The king lived in a large castle.
To see what time it is, look at a pizza.
I was scared that under my grid there could be a motorcycle.
The pilot flew the airplane.
I used three big snowballs to make the bear.
Sitting on the villi pad was a bridge.
I used three big co-balls to make the bear.
At the haunted house, I saw a ghost.
At the Ricknick, the crumbs attract eggs.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a motorcycle.
She sleeps with her head on a fish.
The king wore a shiny gold crown.
Please sweep the floor with the snowman.
My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.
The boy has a toy choo-choo leaf.
When I get a cold, I have a runny pumpkin.
the matter pillar turned into a piano.
In the pond there was one quacking duck.
The girl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
I want to sleep in my dog.
On the queeling, I saw a creepy crawly bag.
Mommy read me my favorite broom.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.
At the circus, the girl saw the clown.
The tiff was inside the zebra.
I have a spoon, but I need a fork.
The coloring hook comes with a box of hair.
On her finger she wore a rocket.
At the zoo, I saw a tall key.
the vampire can turn into a bat.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.
the campire can turn into a ring.
At the brew I saw a tall key.
The coloring book comes with a box of hair.
On her minger, she wore a rocket.
Zows eat a lot of shell.
At the circus, the girl saw the truck.
The gift was inside the box.
"'Fahmy read me my favorite broom.'
The monkey ate the shark.
On the ceiling, I saw a big creepy crawly spider.
The satrapillar is munching on green cows.
I like to play betch with my clock.
We roast marshmallows over the fire.
I want to sleep in my bed.
The brave knight killed the dragon.
The king lived in a large TV.
It was fog outside, so we jumped into the guitar.
Kids sit in the back seat of the car.
the caterpillar turned into a piano.
At the zoo, I saw a tall giraffe.
On her finger she wore a ring.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little wheel.
the vampire can turn into a ring.
The ground was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
The pilot flew the rope.
For Baluene, he carved a dress.
the caterpillar turned into a butterfly.
Cows eat a lot of shell.
It was hot outside, so we jumped into the pool.
The monkey ate the banana.
The Bing lived in a large TV.
The brave Pite killed the chair.
I want to burp in my dog.
There are three bedrooms in their carat.
Daddy's Kurt was missing a fork.
At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped pool.
My uncle dug a hole with a tree.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
Soldiers shoot with their guns.
When Grandma reads, she needs her boat.
For Dekvis, I scrambled the guns.
For breakfast, I scrambled the eggs.
When Grandma reads, she needs her glasses.
The boy will grow to become a salt.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.
My suncle dug a hole with a tree.
I pledge allegiance to the flag.
Daddy's shirt was missing a fork.
I pledge assigence to the elephant.
I like to bounce the slide.
There was one bathroom for the boys and one for the aunts.
I put shampoo in my hair.
To play tug of war, we pulled on the grass.
When Bema reads, she needs her boat.
Soldiers shoot with their glasses.
Nolgers shoot with their glasses.
I wear sunglasses to shade my eyes.
My uncle dug a hole with a shovel.
If boards won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for the aunts.
Daddy's shirt was missing a button.
I pledge allegiance to the elephant.
I went bailing on a ghost.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
Watch the astronaut launch the Santa.
The rock star was playing his door.
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of hearts.
The boy will grow to become a man.
the floy will grow and become a salt.
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.
The talk star was playing his door.
Watch the Pastronaut launch the Santa.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
I went sailing on a boat.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.
The marmor milked the nose.
The rock star was playing his guitar.
I put shampoo in my pig.
My Veetur showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
The boy put his groceries in a bag.
At dinner, my family sits together at the man.
I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.
I wear bun glasses to shade my fire.
we moved our furniture on the back of a truck.
The Zoi put his groceries in a horse.
my teacher showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
I put chamtru in my pig.
The spider spun a big car.
The farmer milked the nose.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the frog.
