The monkey ate the shark.
The runky ate the shark.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.
Pom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
The king wore a shiny gold crown.
The king wore a shiny gold box.
When you go outside, please close the doors.
When you go outside, please close the door.
When you go outside, please close the girls.
When you go outside, please close the door.
When you go outside, meet close the girls.
She got stung by a flag.
She got flung by a flag.
The scared turtle won't come out of its shell.
The scare turtle won't come out of its airplane.
the scared drillo won't come out of its airplane.
My teacher showed us fossils of the extinct crown.
My teacher showed us fossils of extinct dinosaurs.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.
If boards won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
I put shampoo in my hair.
I put Jam True in my pick.
I put shampoo in my pig.
Watch the astronaut launch the Santa.
Watch the astronaut launch the rocket.
The spider spawned the big web.
as the spider spun a big car.
The rock star was playing his guitar.
The rock star was playing his door.
The talk star was playing his door.
My son go dug a hole with the tree.
My uncle dug a hole with a shovel.
My uncle dug a hole with a tree.
To play tug of war, we pull on the grass.
To play tug-of-war, we pull on the rope.
My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.
my friend likes pepperoni on his money
My nan likes pepperoni on his money.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crowdy bag.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawly spider.
On the queuing, I saw a creepy crawly bag.
It was fog outside so we jumped into the guitar.
It was hot outside so we jumped into the pool.
The king lived in a large tepee.
the being lived in a large TV.
The king lived in a large castle.
Please sweep the floor with the snowman.
Please creep the floor with the snowman.
Please sweep the floor with the broom.
He always wears a helmet on that fast loud ball.
He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud motorcycle.
The bride wore a fancy bed.
When Reddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
When daddy cooks, he adds pepper and salt.
When daddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
The mommy put a diaper on her baby.
The Plummie put a diaper on her cereal.
When I get a cold, I have a runny nose.
When I get up road, I have a running pumpkin.
When I get a cold, I have a running pumpkin.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant house.
The femur was being chased by a giant house.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant shark.
First put on your nocks, then put on your crayons.
first put on your socks then put on your shoes
The gift what's inside the zebra.
the gift what's inside the box.
The tift was inside the zebra.
On her finger she wore a ring.
On her finger she wore a rocket.
For Halloween, he carved a pumpkin.
For Halloween, he carved a dress.
At the zoo I saw a tall key.
At the brew I saw a tall kid.
At the hunter house, I saw a bird.
Sitting on the lily pad was a bridge.
Sailing under the lily pad was a fraud.
Sitting on the villi pad was a bridge.
Grandma sits on her porch in the bed.
I fixed the torn mage with a piece of book.
I fixed the torn page with a piece of tape.
I fixed the torn page with the piece of book.
For deck first, I scramble the guns.
For breakfast, I scrambled the guns.
Oink, oink, said the pig.
Oink oink, sick the shoes.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a hat.
To keep the sun out of my face I wear a train.
The zooi put the groceries in the horse.
When Grandma reads, she needs her glasses.
When Grandma reads, she needs her boat.
When Vandman reads, she needs her boat.
I wear glasses to shade my eyes.
I wear glasses to shade my fire.
I wear bung grasses to shade my fire.
I wear sunglasses to shade my eyes.
I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.
At dinner, my family sits together at the table.
At dinner, my family sits together at the man.
We move our furniture on the back of a flower.
We move our furniture on the back of a truck.
The boy will grow to become a man.
The boy will grow to become a soul.
No other shoot with their glasses.
Soldiers shoot with their guns.
soldiers shoot with their glasses.
She sleeps with her mat on a fish.
She sleeps with her head on a pillow.
To see what time it is, look at a pizza.
to see what time it is, look at the clock
to see what vine it is. Look at the pizza
The vampire can turn into a bat.
The campfire can turn into a ring
The vampire can turn into a ring.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little wheel.
in the plant top there is a floating little wheel
In the bathtub, there is a floating little rubber ducky.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.
I was scared that under my grad, there could be a motorcycle.
At the playground, I like to go down the slide.
at the teig ground I like to go down the candle
At the playground, I like to go down the candle.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful table.
Inside the phrase said a beautiful table
Inside the nest sat a beautiful bird.
At the playground, the girl went on the oranges.
The bank is where he keeps the spider.
The bank is where he keeps the money.
I use three big cobalt to make a beer.
I use three big snowballs to make a bear.
I used three big snowballs to make a snowman.
The cowboy is very good at riding his hat.
The cowboy is very good at riding his horse.
The little boy is very good at riding his hat.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new button.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new shirt.
You can open the locked door with the key.
you can open the locked door with the shovel.
you can open the lock for with the shovel
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
The matter pillar turned into a piano.
the caterpillar turned into a piano.
At the circus, the girl saw the truck.
At the circus, the girl saw the truck.
Kid sat in the back seat of the bee.
Kit sat in the back seat of the car.
Cows eat a lot of shell.
Cows eat a lot of grass.
Zell's eat a lot of shell.
I have a spoon but I need a fork.
I have a womb but I need a web.
I have a spoon but I need a web.
The crow has a toy choo-choo leaf.
The boy has a toy choo-choo leaf.
The boy has a toy choo-choo train.
Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.
Use the remote to change the channels on the castle
You can make booth from fresh grease tape.
you can make juice from fresh squeezed tape.
to drive the car that he turns the wheel.
The man checked the time on his watch.
The spepple grew on a bale.
the apple grew on a tree.
The apple grew on a bough.
There are three bedrooms in the house.
there are three ted rooms in the carrot
There are three bedrooms in their cabin
We roasted marshmallows over the fire.
We roasted marshmallows over the draft.
I want to breathe in my dog.
I want to sleep in my bed.
I want to sleep in my dog.
The caterpillar is munching on the green leaf.
The sad-apeller is munching on the green cows.
The caterpillar is munching on the green cows.
The brave knight held the chair.
The brave pack killed the chair.
The brave knight killed the dragon.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
I like to play fetch with my dog.
The girl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
The girl took lessons to play the piano.
I like to bounce the ball.
I like to bounce the slide.
Daddy shirt was missing a button.
Daddy sure was missing a fort.
Daddy's Kurt was missing a Ford.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
When we lost electricity, we have to light a candle.
When CES ends, the teacher rings the frog.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.
I went sailing on a ghost.
I went sadly on the boat.
I went bailing on the ghost.
The farmer milked the nose.
The farmer milked the cows.
Riding on the broom was an old mean baby.
On Sismas, Mommy left cookies for eyes.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Santa.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for us.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.
There is one hearth room for the boys and one for the aunts.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for girls.
