The monkey ate the banana.

The monkey ate the shark.

The Runkey ate the shark.

Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.

Pom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.

Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.

The king wore a shiny gold box.

The king wore a shiny gold crown.

The king wore a shiny gold box.

When you go outside, please close the girls.

When you go outside, please close the door.

When you go outside, mise close the girls.

She got stung by a bee.

She got stung by a flag.

She got fun by a flag.

The scared turtle won't come out of its shell.

The scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.

The scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.

My teacher showed us fossils of an extinct crown.

My features showed as fossils of an extinct crown.

My teacher showed us fossils of an extinct dinosaur.

If boards won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.

I put shampoo in my hair.

I put shampoo in my pig.

I watched the Pasture Knot launch the Santa.

Watch the astronaut launch the rocket.

The eider spun a big car.

The spider spun a big web.

The spider spun a big car.

The rock star was playing his guitar.

the rock star was playing his door.

The talk star was playing his tour.

My uncle dug a hole with a tree.

My sonko dug a hole with a tree.

My uncle dug a hole with a shovel.

To play tug-of-war, we pulled on the grass.

To play mug of war, we pulled on the grass.

My Nend likes pepperoni on his money.

My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.

My friend likes pepperoni on his money.

On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawly bag.

On the ceiling I saw a creepy crawly spider.

On the queeling, I saw a creepy crawly bag.

It was fought outside, so we jumped into the guitar.

It was hot outside, so we jumped into the pool.

It was hot outside, so we jumped into the guitar.

Mommy read my favorite book.

Mommy read me my favorite broom.

The king lived in a large TV.

The being lived in a large TV.

The king lived in a large castle.

Please sweep the floor with a snowman.

Please creep the floor with the snowman.

Please sweep the floor with a broom.

He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud ball.

He always wears a bell mint on that fast, loud ball.

He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud motorcycle.

The bride wore a fancy dress.

The bride wore a fancy bed.

When Ratty cooks, he adds pepper and duck.

The mommy put a diaper on her baby.

the mommy put a diaper on her cereal.

The Plummie put a diaper on her cereal.

When I get a cold, I have a runny nose.

When I get a Brawled, I have a Runnypupkin.

When I get a cold, I have a running pumpkin.

the beast sat on the petals of the flower.

the sea sat on the pedals of the watch.

that B sat on the pedals of the watch.

The swimmer was being chased by a giant horse.

The swimmer was being chased by a giant shark.

First put on your nocks, then put on your crayons.

First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.

First put on your socks, then put on your crayons.

The gift was inside the zebra.

The gift was inside the box.

at the picnic the crumbs attracted eggs.

at the picnic the crumbs attracted ants.

The drylet flew the rope.

The pilot flew the airplane.

the pilot flew the rope.

on her finger she wore a ring.

On her finger she wore a rocket.

On her minger she wore a rocket.

For Halloween, he carved a pumpkin.

For Halloween, he carved a dress.

For Balaween, he carved a dress.

At the zoo, I saw a tall giraffe.

At the zoo I saw a tall key.

At the brew I saw a tall key.

At the haunted house, I saw a bird.

At the haunted house, I saw a bird.

Sitting on the villi pad was a bridge.

Sitting on the lily pad was a bridge.

Danma sits on her porch in a bat.

Grandma sits on her porch in a bed.

Grandma sits on her porch in a chair.

I fixed the torn mage with a piece of book.

I fixed the torn page with a piece of tape.

The trunnion nibbled a crown.

The bunny nibbled a carrot.

for breakfast I scrambled the eggs.

For Dektvist, I scrambled the guns.

For breakfast, I scrambled the guns.

Oink, oink, ked the shoes.

Oink oink said the pig.

Oink, oink, said the shoes.

To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a hat.

To keep the pun out of my face, I wear a train.

To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a chain.

The boy put the groceries in a horse.

The boy put the groceries in a bag.

The zoe put the groceries in a horse.

the boy put the groceries in a horse.

This is the way I put the groceries in the horse.

When Grandma reads, she needs her glasses.

When Grandma reads, she needs her boat.

When Banma reads, she needs her boat.

I wear my sunglasses to shade my eyes.

I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.

I wear bunk glasses to shade my fire.

At Chalentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.

At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.

At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of hearts.

At Brinner, my family sits together at the man.

At dinner, my family sits together at the table.

At dinner, my family sits together at the man.

We moved our burniture on the back of a flower.

We moved our furniture on the back of a truck.

The floy will grow to become a salt.

The boy will grow to become a man.

soldier suit with their glasses.

Nolgers shoot with their glasses.

She sleeps with her med on a fish.

She sleeps with her head on a pillow.

She sleeps with her head on a fish.

To see what time it is, look at a pizza.

To see what time it is, look at a clock.

to see what biomed is look at a pizza.

The vampire can turn into a bat.

The vampire can turn into a ring.

In the plath tub, there is a floating little wheel.

In the bathtub, there is a floating little rubber ducky.

The sound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.

The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.

The gown was so loud I had to cover my shirt.

I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.

I was scared that under my bed there could be a motorcycle.

I was scared that under my grid, there could be a motorcycle.

At the playground, I like to go down the slide.

At the tay ground, I like to go down the candle.

At the playground, I like to go down the candle.

Inside the nest sat a beautiful table.

Inside the first sat a beautiful table.

Inside the nest sat a beautiful bird.

At the playground, the girls went on the swings.

At the playground, the girl went on the oranges.

The bank is where he keeps the money.

I use three big co-balls to make a beer.

I used three big snowballs to make a bear.

The cowboy is very good at riding his horse.

I fell in the mud and have to put on a new shirt.

I fell in the hood and have to put on a new button.

you can open the locked door with the shovel.

you can open the locked bore with the shovel.

The coloring hook comes with a box of hair.

For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of cereal.

For SelectFist, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.

For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.

The matter pillar turned into a piano.

The caterpillar turned into a piano.

The caterpillar turned into a butterfly.

At the circus, the girl saw the truck.

At the circus, the girls saw the clown.

At the percuse, the girl saw the truck.

Kids sit in the backseat of the bee.

Spids sit in the backseat of the bee.

Kids sit in the backseat of the car.

Cows eat a lot of shell.

Cows eat a lot of grass.

Zows eat a lot of shell.

I have a spoon, but I need a fork.

I have a wound, but I need a web.

I have a spoon, but I need a web.

The boy has a toy choo-choo leaf.

Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.

You can make juice from fresh squeezed oranges.

To mive the car, daddy turns the heart.

To drive the car, Daddy turns the wheel.

To drive the car, Daddy turns the hearts.

The man checked the time on his stairs.

The Gan checked the time on his stairs.

The man checked the time on his watch.

The aquarium has many different fish.

The Adarium has many different swings.

The aquarium has many different swings.

The spapple grew on a bell.

The apple grew on a tree.

the Apple grew on a bell.

There are three Tedrums in their carrier.

There are three bedrooms in their carri.

We roasted marshmallows over the fire.

We roasted marshmallows over the giraffe.

In the pond, there was one quacking pillow.

In the pond, there was one quacking duck.

In the lawn, there was one quacking pillow.

I want to brief in my dog.

I want to sleep in my bed.

honestly people right now.

The Stater Pillar is munching on a green cow.

The caterpillar is munching on a green leaf.

The brave knight killed the chair.

The brave Pite killed the chair.

The brave knight killed the dragon.

I like to play betch with my clock.

I like to play fetch with my dog.

The sterl took lessons to play the dinosaur.

The girl took lessons to play the dinosaur.

The girl took lessons to play the piano.

I like to bounce the ball.

I like to bounce the slide.

Daddy's shirt was missing a button.

Daddy's shirt was missing a fork.

Daddy's Kirk was missing a fork.

When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.

When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.

When recess ends, the teacher rings the frog.

When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.

When CCES ends, the teacher brings the frog.

I went sailing on a ghost.

I went sailing on a boat.

The marmor milked the nose.

The farmer milked the nose.

The farmer milked the cow.

I pledge a Siegens to the elephant.

I pledge allegiance to the elephant.

I pledge allegiance to the flag.

At the oo I fed the black and white striped pool.

At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped pool.

At the zoo, I fed the black and white striped zebra.

Riding on a broom was an old mean baby.

Writing on a shroom was an old mean baby.

Riding on a broom was an old mean witch.

In the ouds lived a big growly witch.

In the woods lived a big growly witch.

In the woods lived a big growly bear.

On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for eyes.

On systemis, mommy left cookies for her eyes.

On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Santa.

There is one bathroom for the boys and one for the aunts.

There's one bathroom for the boys and one for the girls.

To cross the river, we walked on a bridge.

to cross the river we walked on the banana.

I wish I had a plunk like that rubber ducky.

I wish I had a trunk like that rubber ducky.

I wish I had a trunk like that elephant.

I put shampoo in my hair.

I put sham true in my pig.

I put shampoo in my pig.

When Ratty cooks, he adds pepper and duck.

When Daddy cooks, he adds pepper and salt.

When daddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.

The floy will grow to become a salt.

The boy will grow to become a man.

The boy will grow to become a salt.

I used three big co-balls to make a bear.

I used three big snowballs to make a bear.

I used three big snowballs to make a snowman.

You can make juice from fresh squeezed oranges.

you can make boosts from fresh squeezed tape.

You can make juice from fresh squeezed tape.

When we lost elasticity, we had to light a monster.

When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.

When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.

A boy fell from the window.

The wife helped her husband.

Big dogs can be dangerous.

The shoes were very dirty.

Somebody stole the money.

The fire was very hot.

She was drinking from her own cup.

The picture came from a book.

The car is going too fast.

The paint dripped on the floor.

The towel fell on the floor.

The family likes fish.

The bananas are too ripe.

He grew lots of vegetables.

She argues with her sister.

Kitchen window was clean.

He hung up his raincoat.

the mailman by a letter.

The mother heard the baby.

She found her purse in the trash.

The table has three legs.

The children waved at the train.

Her coat is on a chair.

The girl is fixing her dress.

It's time to go to bed.

The dog is eating some meat.

The road goes up a hill.

The family bought a horse.

Swimmers can hold their breath,.

She cut the steak with her knife.

the food is expensive.

The children are walking home.

they had two empty bottles.

Milk comes in a carton.

The dog sleeps in a basket.

The house had nine bedrooms.

They're shopping for school clothes.

They're playing in the park.

Rain is good for trees.

They sat on a wooden bench.

The child drank some fresh milk.

The baby slept all night.

The salt shaker is empty.

The policeman knows the way.

The buckets fill up quickly.

The boy is running away.

A towel is near the sink.

He's skating with his friends.

The lady washed the shirt.

She took off her fur coat.

the matchboxes are empty,.

The man is painting a sign.

The dog came home last.

The paint dripped on the ground.

Mother read the instructions.

The family bought a house.

