The monkey ate the banana.
The monkey ate the shark.
The donkey ate the shark.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.
Pom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
The Hing Wu, a shiny gold box.
The king wore a shiny gold crown.
The king wore a shiny gold box.
When you go outside, please close the doors.
When you go outside, please close the door.
When you go outside, miss close to girls.
She got stung by a bee.
she got stunned by a flag.
she got found by a flag.
The scared turtle won't come out of its shell.
the scared turtle won't come out of its airplane.
the scared Gerto won't come out of its airplane.
my teacher showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
My feature showed us fossils of an extinct crown.
my teacher showed us fossils of an extinct dinosaur.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.
If boards won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
I put shampoo in my hair.
I put Shen Chu in my pick.
I put shampoo in my pick.
Watch the astronaut launch the center.
Watch the Pastronaut launch the center.
Watch the astronaut launch the rocket.
they either spawn a big car
the spider spawned a big web.
The rock star was playing his guitar.
The rockstar was playing his door.
The talk star was playing his door.
My uncle dug a hole with a tree.
埋三口大嘅荷 with a tree.
my uncle dug a hole with a shovel.
To play Taka 4, we put on the grass.
To play Taka 4, we put on a rope.
To play Maga IV, we pull down the grass.
My Nand likes pepperoni on his money.
My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.
My friend likes pepperoni on his money.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawly bag.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawly spider.
On the queeling, I saw a creepy crawly bag.
It was fogged outside, so we jumped into the guitar.
It was hot outside, so we jumped into the pool.
It was hot outside, so we jumped into the guitar.
Mommy read me my favorite book.
Mommy read me my favorite broom.
the king lived in a large TV.
they are being lived in a large TV.
The king lived in a large castle.
Please sweep the floor with a snowman.
Please scrape the floor with a snow mat.
Please sweep the floor with a broom.
He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud ball.
he always wears a helmet on that fast, loud motorcycle.
The bride wore a fancy dress.
The kite wore a fancy bat.
The bride wore a fancy bed.
When Reddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
When daddy cooks, he adds pepper and salt.
When daddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
The mommy put a diaper on her baby.
The mommy put a diaper on her cereal.
The plummy puts a diaper on her cereal.
When I get a code, I have a roundy nose.
When I get abroad, I have a runny pumpkin.
When I get a code, I have a runny pumpkin.
The bee sat on the petals of the flower.
The Sui sat on the petals of the watch.
The bee sat on the petals of the watch.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant house.
The film was being chased by a giant house.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant shark.
First, put on socks, then put on shoes.
First, put on socks, then put on your crayons.
The gift was inside the zebra.
The gift was inside the box.
The tift was inside the zebra.
At the picnic, the crumbs attracted eggs.
At the picnic, the cramps attracted ants.
At the Riknik, the crumbs attracted eggs.
the drylet flew the rope.
the pilot flew the airplane.
On her finger, she wore a ring.
On her finger, she wore a rocket.
An həminge, she wore a racket.
For Halloween, he carved a pumpkin.
For Halloween, he carved a dress.
For battle wing, he carved a dress.
At the zoo, I saw a tall giraffe.
At the zoo, I saw a tall key.
At the brew, I saw a tall key.
At the haunted house, I saw a bird.
and the haunted cows I saw a bird.
At a haunted house, I saw a ghost.
Sitting on the villi pad was a bridge.
Sitting on the lily pad was a bridge.
Sitting on the lily pad was a frog.
Dandma sits on her porch in a bed.
Grandma sits on her porch in a bed.
Grandma sits on her porch in a chair.
I fixed the torn mage with a piece of book.
I fix the torn page with a piece of tape.
I fixed the torn page with a piece of book.
The tranny nibbled a clown.
The bunny nibbled a clown.
the bunny nibbled a carrot.
For breakfast, I scramble the eggs.
For deck first, I scramble the guns.
For breakfast, I scramble the gums.
oink oink, caddishoes.
Oink, oink, said the pig.
Oink, oink, sad shoes.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a hat.
To keep the pun out of my face, I wear a train.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a train.
The boy put the groceries in the horse.
The boy put the groceries in a bag.
The Zoi put the groceries in a horse.
When Grandma reads, she needs her glasses.
When Grandma reads, she needs her boat.
When Bandma reads, she needs her boat.
I wear sunglasses to shade my eyes.
I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.
I wear bound glasses to shade my fire.
At Shalentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of hearts.
At Brina, my family sits together at the man.
At dinner, my family sits together at the table.
At dinner, my family sits together at the man.
we moved our furniture on the back of a flower.
We moved our furniture on the back of a flower.
we moved our furniture on the back of a truck.
the floyd will grow to become a salt.
the boy will grow to become a man.
the boy will grow to become a salt.
soldiers shoot with their guns.
Soldiers shoot with their glasses.
No just shoot with the glasses.
She sleeps with her bat on the fish.
She sleeps with her hat on the pillow.
She sleeps with her hat on the fish.
To see what time it is, look at the pizza.
To see what time it is, look at the clock.
To see what biomet is, look at the pizza.
the vampire can turn into a bat.
the campfire can turn into a ring
the vampire can turn into a ring.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little wheel.
In the plot's top, there is a floating little wheel.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little rubber ducky.
The sound was so loud, I had to cover my shirt.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.
The gaunt was so loud, I had to cover my shirt.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a motorcycle.
I was scared that under my grad there could be a motorcycle.
At the playground, I like to go down the slide.
At the playground, I like to go down the candle.
At the playground, I like to go down the candle.
Inside the nest has a beautiful table.
Inside the thread, set a beautiful table.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful bird.
At the playground, the girl went on swings.
At the snake ground, the girl went on the oranges.
The bank is where he keeps the spider.
The bank is where he keeps the money.
the hank is where he keeps the spider.
I used 3 big cobalt balls to make a bag.
I used 3 big snowballs to make a bear.
I used three big snowballs to make a snowman.
The cowboy is very good at riding his hat.
The cowboy is very good at riding his horse.
The low boy is very good at riding his hat.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new bottom.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new shirt.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new button.
You can open the locked door with a key.
you can open the locked door with a shovel.
you can open the locked ball with a shovel.
The coloring book comes with a box of crayons.
The coloring hook comes with a box of hair.
The coloring book comes with a box of hair.
For snack first, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
For breakfast, mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
The Metapillar turned into a piano.
the caterpillar turned into a piano.
the caterpillar turned into a butterfly.
At the circus, the girl saw the truck.
At the circus, the girl saw the clown.
the girl saw the truck.
Kids sit in the back seat of the bee.
bit sit in the back seat of the bee.
kids sit in the backseat of the car.
Cows eat a lot of shell.
cows eat a lot of grass.
Zao's eat a lot of shell.
I have a spoon, but I need a fork.
I have a womb, but I need a web.
I have a spoon, but I need a web.
The koi has a toy, Chu Chu Leaf.
The boy has a toy, Choo Choo Leaf.
The boy has a toy choo-choo train.
Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.
Use the remote to change the channels on the carso.
Use the result to change the channels on the cursor.
you can make juice from fresh squeezed oranges.
You can make booths from fresh squeezed tape.
you can make juice from fresh squeezed tape.
To mow the car, Daddy turns the hearts.
To drive the car, Daddy turns the wheel.
To drive the car, daddy turns the hearts.
The man checked the time on his stairs.
The Gan checked his time on his desk.
The man chatted time on his watch.
the aquarium has many different fish.
The Adarium has many different swings.
the aquarium has many different swings
The spat pole grew on the bell.
The apple grew on the tree.
The apple grew on a bell.
There are three bedrooms in the house.
there are three bedrooms in that carat.
We roasted marshmallows over the fire.
We roasted marshmallows over the giraffe.
In the pond, there was one quacking pillow.
In a pond, there was one quacking duck.
In the lawn, there was one quacking pillow.
I want to breathe in my dog.
I want to sleep in my bed.
I want to sleep in my dog.
The theta pillar is munching on a green cow's.
The caterpillar is mounting on a green cow
the caterpillar is mounting on a green leaf.
The brave knight killed the chair.
The brave pirate killed the champ.
The brave knight killed the dragon.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
I like to play batch with my clock.
I like to play fetch with my dog.
The Sto took lessons to play the dinosaur.
The girl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
The girl took lessons to play the piano.
I like to crunch the slide.
I like to bounce the ball
I like to bounce the slide.
Daddy's shirt was missing a button.
Daddy's shirt was missing a fork.
Daddy's cut was missing a fork.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a candle.
When reset ends, the teacher rains the frog.
When reset ends, the teacher rings the bell.
When C set ends, the teacher rings the frog.
I went sailing on a ghost.
I went sailing on a boat.
I went bailing on a ghost.
The mama milked the nose.
The farmer milked the nose.
The farmer milked the cows.
I pledge assiduance to the elephant.
I pledge allegiance to the elephant.
I pledge allegiance to the flag.
At the woo, I found a black and white striped pool.
At the zoo, I fed a black and white striped pool.
At the zoo, I fed a black and white striped zebra.
Riding on a broom was an old mean baby.
riding on a shroom was an old mean baby.
riding on a broom was an old Ming witch.
In the woods lived a big growly witch.
In the woods lived a big growly witch.
In the woods lived a big growly bat.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Ice.
On 6th March, Mummy left cookies for Ice.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Santa.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.
There was one hot room for the boys and one for ants.
There was one bathroom for the boys and one for girls.
To cross the river, we walked on a bridge.
To cross the sieve, we worked on a banana.
To cross the river, we walked on a banana.
I wish I had a plunk like that rubber ducky.
I wish I had a trunk like the rubber ducky
I wish I had a trunk like that elephant.
First put on your nocks, then put on your crayons.
First put on your socks, then put on your shoes.
First put on socks, then put on crayons.
the floyd will grow to become a salt.
the boy will grow to become a man.
the boy will grow to become a salt.
For breakfast, mommy poured me a bowl of cereal.
For slack first, mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
At the U, I fed a black and white striped pool.
At the zoo, I fed a black and white striped pool.
At the zoo, I fed a black and white striped zebra.
