as the spider spun a big car.
The scared turtle won't come out of its shell.
to see what vine it is. Look at the pizza
At Valentine's Day, we drew lots of pants.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful table.
Inside the phrase said a beautiful table
At dinner, my family sits together at the table.
The vampire can turn into a bat.
She got flung by a flag.
The spider spawned the big web.
The scare turtle won't come out of its airplane.
We move our furniture on the back of a flower.
The vampire can turn into a ring.
The campfire can turn into a ring
At dinner, my family sits together at the man.
the scared drillo won't come out of its airplane.
She got stung by a flag.
The boy will grow to become a soul.
To see what time it is, look at a pizza.
to see what time it is, look at the clock
No other shoot with their glasses.
When you go outside, meet close the girls.
When you go outside, please close the girls.
My friend likes pepperoni on his pizza.
The little boy is very good at riding his hat.
She sleeps with her head on a pillow.
The boy will grow to become a man.
We move our furniture on the back of a truck.
She sleeps with her mat on a fish.
The cowboy is very good at riding his horse.
my friend likes pepperoni on his money
When you go outside, please close the door.
The farmer milked the nose.
At the brew I saw a tall kid.
The girl took lessons to play the piano.
When I get a cold, I have a running pumpkin.
To keep the sun out of my face, I wear a hat.
I want to sleep in my dog.
You can make booth from fresh grease tape.
Use the remote to change the channels on the castle
Oink oink, sick the shoes.
I want to sleep in my bed.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant house.
At the hunter house, I saw a bird.
I like to bounce the ball.
I went bailing on the ghost.
The farmer milked the cows.
Please sweep the floor with the snowman.
When I get up road, I have a running pumpkin.
At the zoo I saw a tall key.
The boy has a toy choo-choo train.
We roasted marshmallows over the draft.
At the circus, the girl saw the truck.
At the circus, the girl saw the truck.
I want to breathe in my dog.
Use the remote to change the channels on the TV.
For Halloween, he carved a dress.
When I get a cold, I have a runny nose.
The king lived in a large castle.
Riding on the broom was an old mean baby.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for aunts.
The femur was being chased by a giant house.
The tift was inside the zebra.
The mommy put a diaper on her baby.
The boy has a toy choo-choo leaf.
to drive the car that he turns the wheel.
there are three ted rooms in the carrot
There are three bedrooms in the house.
you can make juice from fresh squeezed tape.
The crow has a toy choo-choo leaf.
The Plummie put a diaper on her cereal.
On her finger she wore a ring.
The swimmer was being chased by a giant shark.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for us.
On Sismas, Mommy left cookies for eyes.
For Halloween, he carved a pumpkin.
first put on your socks then put on your shoes
I went sadly on the boat.
When you go outside, please close the door.
There are three bedrooms in their cabin
I wear sunglasses to shade my eyes.
The man checked the time on his watch.
I wear sunglasses to shade my fire.
The spepple grew on a bale.
We roasted marshmallows over the fire.
When you go outside, please close the doors.
First put on your nocks, then put on your crayons.
I went sailing on a ghost.
On her finger she wore a rocket.
On Christmas, Mommy left cookies for Santa.
There is one hearth room for the boys and one for the aunts.
When we lost electricity, we have to light a candle.
The brave knight held the chair.
When daddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
On the queuing, I saw a creepy crawly bag.
I have a womb but I need a web.
You can open the locked door with the key.
When Vandman reads, she needs her boat.
Sitting on the villi pad was a bridge.
Grandma sits on her porch in the bed.
I wear glasses to shade my eyes.
you can open the locked door with the shovel.
I have a spoon but I need a web.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crawly spider.
When daddy cooks, he adds pepper and salt.
Pom likes to use the elevator instead of the dragon.
The caterpillar is munching on the green cows.
When we lost electricity, we had to light a monster.
There is one bathroom for the boys and one for girls.
The brave pack killed the chair.
When CES ends, the teacher rings the frog.
The gift what's inside the zebra.
My nan likes pepperoni on his money.
The king wore a shiny gold crown.
The bride wore a fancy bed.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new shirt.
I have a spoon but I need a fork.
I fixed the torn page with a piece of tape.
The apple grew on a bough.
I wear bung grasses to shade my fire.
the apple grew on a tree.
I wear glasses to shade my fire.
I fixed the torn mage with a piece of book.
Zell's eat a lot of shell.
I fell in the mud and have to put on a new button.
The king wore a shiny gold box.
When Reddy cooks, he adds pepper and duck.
On the ceiling, I saw a creepy crowdy bag.
When recess ends, the teacher rings the bell.
the gift what's inside the box.
The brave knight killed the dragon.
It was hot outside so we jumped into the pool.
Please sweep the floor with the broom.
Mom likes to use the elevator instead of the stairs.
The girl took lessons to play the dinosaur.
Sailing under the lily pad was a fraud.
Daddy's Kurt was missing a Ford.
The caterpillar is munching on the green leaf.
For breakfast, I scrambled the guns.
When Grandma reads, she needs her glasses.
you can open the lock for with the shovel
Kid sat in the back seat of the bee.
Kit sat in the back seat of the car.
For breakfast, Mommy poured me a bowl of butterfly.
When Grandma reads, she needs her boat.
The sad-apeller is munching on the green cows.
Oink, oink, said the pig.
Daddy sure was missing a fort.
I like to play fetch with my dog.
Sitting on the lily pad was a bridge.
Please creep the floor with the snowman.
The runky ate the shark.
It was fog outside so we jumped into the guitar.
He always wears a helmet on that fast loud ball.
The king lived in a large tepee.
I like to bounce the slide.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
The zooi put the groceries in the horse.
For deck first, I scramble the guns.
Cows eat a lot of grass.
the caterpillar turned into a piano.
The matter pillar turned into a piano.
Cows eat a lot of shell.
I fixed the torn page with the piece of book.
To keep the sun out of my face I wear a train.
I like to play fetch with my clock.
Daddy shirt was missing a button.
the being lived in a large TV.
The monkey ate the shark.
He always wears a helmet on that fast, loud motorcycle.
My uncle dug a hole with a shovel.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
I use three big snowballs to make a bear.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my shirt.
soldiers shoot with their glasses.
Soldiers shoot with their guns.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little rubber ducky.
I use three big cobalt to make a beer.
If shorts won't be warm enough, you can wear pants.
My uncle dug a hole with a tree.
I put shampoo in my hair.
To play tug-of-war, we pull on the rope.
The sound was so loud I had to cover my ears.
I used three big snowballs to make a snowman.
The cowboy is very good at riding his hat.
I was scared that under my bed there could be a monster.
To play tug of war, we pull on the grass.
If boards won't be warm enough, you can wear ears.
Watch the astronaut launch the Santa.
The talk star was playing his door.
At the playground, I like to go down the candle.
The bank is where he keeps the money.
The bank is where he keeps the spider.
at the teig ground I like to go down the candle
My son go dug a hole with the tree.
Watch the astronaut launch the rocket.
The rock star was playing his door.
I put shampoo in my pig.
My teacher showed us fossils of extinct dinosaurs.
In the bathtub, there is a floating little wheel.
Inside the nest sat a beautiful bird.
I was scared that under my grad, there could be a motorcycle.
At the playground, I like to go down the slide.
At the playground, the girl went on the oranges.
in the plant top there is a floating little wheel
My teacher showed us fossils of the extinct crown.
I put Jam True in my pick.
The rock star was playing his guitar.
